youth with comeliness plucked all gaze his way, when
youth of the city?
yourself ready in your cabin for the mischance of
your worships: more of your conversation would
your worship's pleasure I shall do with this wicked caitiff?
your whores, sir, being members of my occupation,
your voices,
your tongues, and not a word more.
your pleasures; at the least if you take it as a
your people,
your pate. I will carry no crotchets: I'll re you,
your offices?
your misery increase with your age! I say to you,
your knees and make ready.
your honour.
your honour.
your grace
your full time of imprisonment and your deliverance
your eyes so fast?
your execution. If you think it meet, compound with
your complexion, shall keep the body of it ever
your appointment, go in your place; if the encounter
you? Show your knave's visage, with a pox to you!
you;--and thus much for greeting. Now, my spruce
you.
you.
you, deliver.
you will take it on you to assist him, it shall
you think is his name?
you take it not patiently, why, your mettle is the
you stolen his? or both? pray, what's the news?
you speak. But, if ever the duke return, as our
you speak best unto the purpose, it is not worth the
you sing prick-song, keeps time, distance, and
you shall go by him.
you seem to be? Can you think to blow out the
you out of reprieve and pardon.
you our voices heartily.
you not heard speak of Mariana, the sister of
you never heard of!
you must go visit the good lady that lies in.
you much mirth.
you have found him than he was when you sought him:
you have courage to maintain it: I am bound to call
you give me touch my palate adversely, I make a
you give me any conserves, give me conserves of
you from dishonour in doing it.
you first,
you fearful, that neither my coat, integrity, nor
you come with your appendix.
you before me again upon any complaint whatsoever;
you are--I cannot call you Lycurguses--if the drink
you are to depart, I am come to advise you, comfort
you are reverend grave men, yet they lie deadly that
you and pray with you.
yields pound and odd shilling; fifteen hundred
yet: suffer us to famish, and their store-houses
yet your butterfly was a grub. This Marcius is grown
yet would have dark deeds darkly answered; he would
yet it is necessary. An old sheep-whistling rogue a
yesterday; for the other has half, by the entreaty
years' health; in which time I will make a lip at
years in doing and now newly performed by that rare
ye're so slight. He that hath a will to die by
yare, yare! Take in the topsail. Tend to the
yard, and the tailor with his last, the fisher with
wrong to put you so oft upon 't: are there not men
written, that the shoemaker should meddle with his
writ, and can never find what names the writing
wrath, and turn the dregs of it upon this varlet
wounds upon him.
would yield us but the superfluity, while it were
would think scolding would do little good upon him:
would think a smock were a she-angel, he so chants
would tell twenty.
would take her with all faults, and money enough.
would require is likewise your own benefit.
would preferment drop on my head. I brought the old
would not: drunk many times a day, if not many days
would make it flame again: for the nobles receive
would insinuate with thee but to make thee sigh.
would be sorry should be thus foolishly lost at a
would be glad to receive some instruction from my
would 'twere done!
worst thing about him, how could Master Froth do the
worn out thy pump, that when the single sole of it
wore three-pile; but now I am out of service:
wore it? I mean, in a sort.
words plain, 'Sirrah, knock me here, rap me here,
wooing. Neighbour, this is a gift very grateful, I am
wonder how thou darest venture to be drunk, not
wonder at Angelo. How will you do to content this
won honour than in the embracements of his bed where
women; he was not inclined that way.
women, the virginal palms of your daughters, or with
woman after this downright way of creation: is it
without it.
without asking my good will?
within me.
withdrawing.
with't, keep it close: home, home, the next way.
with two broken points: his horse hipped with an
with them:'
with their left legs and not presume to touch a hair
with the other confederate companion!
with the oaken garland.
with the horse upon her, how he beat me because
with the gallows and what with poverty, I am
with the fashions, full of wingdalls, sped with
with the buttock of the night than with the forehead
with me, let not your worship think me the poor
with man, woman, or child.
with life that I will sue to be rid of it.
with interchange of gifts, letters, loving
with his comfort; swallowed his vows whole,
with him, if thou standest not i' the state of
with her, truly it were an ill thing to be offered
with divines, and have all charitable preparation.
with comforts,
with an unpitied whipping, for you have been a
with an iron wit, and put up my iron dagger. Answer
with a whoo-bub against his daughter and the king's
with Barnardine's head: I will give him a present
wish him to her father.
wisely, wisely.
wipe their lips.
winds. The heavens continue their loves!
wilt tutor me from quarrelling!
wilt quarrel with a man for cracking nuts, having no
will;'tis strongly wedged up in a block-head, but
will you dismiss the people?
will what have we here! Mercy on 's, a barne a very
will thaw.
will serve; for once we stood up about the corn, he
will mow all down before him, and leave his passage polled.
will make much of your voices, and so trouble you no further.
will keep the house.
will hang them. Get you gone, and let me hear no
will give you as much as this old man does when the
will give me occasion.
will change; 'twas wont to hold me but while one
will be considered.
will also be the bondage of certain ribbons and gloves.
will I frame and make fit for his attempt. If you
wife within a mile where my land and living lies;
wife was brought to bed of twenty money-bags at a
widow of Vitravio; Signior Placentio and his lovely
widow Dido!
wicked villain, despite of all grace.
wicked varlet, now, what's come upon thee: thou art
why, that's nothing; an he begin once, he'll rail in
why 'silver sound'? why 'music with her silver
whose hand, she being now at hand, thou shalt soon
whore!' Why, is not this a lamentable thing,
whom Cominius the general is gone, with one part of
wholesome, we might guess they relieved us humanely;
who in a cheap estimation, is worth predecessors
who are of such sensible and nimble lungs that
white wench's black eye; shot through the ear with a
whisper him in your behalfs; and if it be in man
whipping, and hanging.
which we being members, should bring ourselves to be
which time of the contract and limit of the
which should
which now we'll show 'em in deeds. They say poor
which now shall die in oblivion and thou return
which none must know but the king; and which he
which may make you and him to rue at the other.
which laid their guilt upon my guiltless shoulders.
which is left of him what he is, fetch me to the
which is in the keeping of Paulina,--a piece many
which is called true is so like an old tale, that
which is a disgrace to them, if they bear it.
which hath two letters for her name fairly set down
which cannot choose but branch now. Since their
whereupon, after a little amazedness, we were all
wherefore: so that, if they love they know not why,
when you have pushed out your gates the very
when they are known. Call your executioner, and off
when she's fallen out with her husband. Your noble
when he shall come to his account, he knows not
what shame else belongs to't. To him will I present
what news?
what 'cerns it you if I wear pearl and gold? I
were, durst not, look you, sir, show themselves, as
were to make a monster of the multitude: of the
were she earthly, no nobler,--whither do you follow
were sensible as your finger, that you might leave
went to sea with the Ten Commandments, but scraped
wenches' song, that he would not stir his pettitoes
well that prays for peace.
well knock'd at first, Then had not Grumio come by the worst.
well enough too? what barm can your bisson
well endeavours to trust to himself and to live
weather continuing, this mystery remained
wears for his sake; and he, a marble to her tears,
wear their plackets where they should bear their
wear out a good wholesome forenoon in hearing a
wear his sting? In his tail.
we term it, his friends whilst he's in directitude.
we jest now, think you?
we cannot with such magnificence--in so rare--I know
we are come off
ways, wench; serve God. What, have you dined at home?
way home again.
water to quench it. I was hardly moved to come to
wasp's nest; then stand till he be three quarters
was senseless; 'twas nothing to geld a codpiece of a
was hurt under your arm.
was done to Elbow's wife, that he hath cause to
was begot between two stock-fishes. But it is
was I with you there for the goose?
warrant, a virtuous,--Where is your mother?
warrant for it: it hath not moved him at all.
warning: the deputy cannot abide a whoremaster: if
warm them. Now, were not I a little pot and soon
war I sent him; from whence he returned, his brows
walk: I will even take my leave of you, and pace
wakes, fairs and bear-baitings.
wakened thy dog that hath lain asleep in the sun:
waiting-gentlewoman in the 'scape. This has been
wagging of your beards; and your beards deserve not
wager, first begins to crow?
voices that I may be consul, I have here the
virtues it was, but he was certainly whipped out of the court.
virtue to practise his judgment with the disposition
violent and unruly. Go you to Angelo; answer his
villanous speeches of the duke.
victory in his pocket? the wounds become him.
vice in him. You must in no way say he is covetous.
very pretty boy. O' my troth, I looked upon him o'
very nothing, and beyond the imagination of his
very notes of admiration: they seemed almost, with
very monster in apparel, and not like a Christian
very first house, of the first and second cause:
very day receives letters of strange tenor;
velvet. Thou art the list.
utters them as he had eaten ballads and all men's
using painting, do prove my occupation a mystery:
use me with estimation.
use his master so, being perhaps, for aught I see,
us. When we banished him, we respected not them;
us.
us, here is that gold I have: I'll make it as much
upon you; and, I pray you, your name?
upon too trivial motion; one that converses more
upon this riddle runs the wisdom of the world. This
upon the table and says 'God send me no need of
upon him, sir, a strange picklock, which we have
unto whom I was going; I shall there have money, or
unstanched wench.
unlawfully born. But, O, how much is the good duke
ungenitured agent will unpeople the province with
unexperienced to thy grave.
uneasy to get the cause of my son's resort thither.
undiscovered. But 'tis all one to me; for had I
understand, the greater file of the subject held the
under the hangman: which though it be great pity,
under her horse; thou shouldst have heard in how
uncle Capulet, his wife and daughters; my fair niece
tying his new shoes with old riband? and yet thou
two tribunes:
two of the house of the Montagues.
two and thirty, a pip out? Whom would to God I had
turns up the white o' the eye to his discourse. But
truth enough alive to make societies secure; but
trust you not; 'Hic steterat Priami,' take heed
trust it will grow to a most prosperous perfection.
truly, my ancient skill beguiles me; but, in the
truly I think if all our wits were to issue out of
true, think you?
true purchasing.
true descent;
troll-my-dames; I knew him once a servant of the
triumphantly tread on thy country's ruin,
trimmed, rushes strewed, cobwebs swept; the
trick. If you will hang me for it, you may; but I
trick of it?
trial of you only. Therefore fasten your ear on my
trencher, hence!
treasonable abuses!
treacherous,
town-armory, with a broken hilt, and chapeless;
too, and suffer every knave to use me at his pleasure?
too rough;
too little for your thief, your true man thinks it
tongues: therefore follow me, and I direct you how
tongues into those wounds and speak for them; so, if
tongue to the roof of my mouth, my heart in my
together, and fast it fairly out: our cakes dough on
toes look through the over-leather.
toads carbonadoed.
to. Lord Angelo dukes it well in his absence; he
to-morrow. By my troth, Isabel, I loved thy brother:
to-morrow four o'clock.
to your French slop. You gave us the counterfeit
to you: so you may continue and laugh at
to think!--
to the wall.
to the wall.
to the sleeve-hand and the work about the square on't.
to the goose, proves thee far and wide a broad goose.
to the determination of justice: yet had he framed
to steal. There's not a soldier of us all, that, in
to sit, have you not?
to prison, Pompey?
to prison! lay bolts enough upon him: let him
to prison was worth five thousand of you all.
to pluck him off me, how he swore, how she prayed,
to lie as to live chastely. Therefore, go back.
to keep my pack from fasting: they throng who
to in a month.
to himself, by the instruction of his frailty, many
to her! If ever I was respected with her, or she
to her by oath, and the nuptial appointed: between
to hear it.
to find you out there: you have well saved me a
to endure her loud alarums, why, man, there be good
to do the prince my master good; which who knows how
to dinner, thither.
to dine and sup with water and bran; I dare not for
to continue now, thou varlet; thou art to continue.
to comfort me.
to carry him to execution, and showed him a seeming
to be married to hell?
to be glad of yours.
to be constant in any undertaking. There is scarce
to be aged in any kind of course, as it is virtuous
to any gentlewoman, and very weak dealing.
to a husband we set his youngest free for a husband,
to Angelo: if for this night he entreat you to his
time of lethargy I picked and cut most of their
time has yet to come that she was ever respected
till he had both tune and words; which so drew the
thyself execute, to make one among these wooers: if
thy wits than, I am sure, I have in my whole five:
thy shoulders that a milkmaid, if she be in love,
thy services by leaving me now: the need I have of
thy old father Menenius does! O my son, my son!
thy mother!' then asks Bohemia forgiveness; then
thy master's father, Vincentio?
thy conscience flies out.
threshold till my lord return from the wars.
three-and-twenty, or that youth would sleep out the
three neat-herds, three swine-herds, that have made
three days his head to be chopped off.
three but jumps twelve foot and a half by the squier.
thought she was a woman and was turned into a cold
though we willingly consented to his banishment, yet
though thy little finger be armed in a thimble.
though they be not to be talked on, yet they are
though not personal, have been royally attorneyed
though absent, shook hands, as over a vast, and
though I must be content to bear with those that say
though I am not bookish, yet I can read
thou, Trot? Is the world as it was, man? Which is
thou wilt quarrel with a man that hath a hair more,
thou what thou art, by art as well as by nature:
thou thimble,
thou shouldst have heard how her horse fell and she
thou not the air of the court in these enfoldings?
thou me yet?
thou make minstrels of us, look to hear nothing but
thou ask me why, sufficeth, my reasons are both good
thou art preparing fire for us; look thee, here's
those things you found about her, those secret
thoroughly woo her, wed her and bed her and rid the
this year connive at us, and we may do any thing
this true?
this sister of mine do with rice? But my father
this quarrel.
this other day, because I was no gentleman born.
this man made you, sir?
this is the time that the unjust man doth thrive.
this controversy.
this condition, to be whipped at the high cross
this business.
this advantage, first, that your stay with him may
third--borough.
think well to carry this as you may, the doubleness
think so, which is another spur to my departure.
think me still no gentleman born: you were best say
think it fit to shore them again and that the
things, all but what she has with her: this being
things that are hollow: thy bones are hollow;
things should be: all difficulties are but easy
thing. The wills above be done! but I would fain
thing that is fitting to be known, discover.
thing hereafter.
thing about him. Good, then; if his face be the
thine eyes so red: thou must be patient. I am fain
thief thinks it little enough: so every true man's
they would else have married me to the rotten medlar.
they should exhibit their petitions in the street?
they say one would speak to her and stand in hope of
they not malefactors?
they list.
they have approved their virtues.
they hate upon no better a ground: therefore, for
they do not give us the lie.
they be true; if not true, none were enough.
they always use to laugh at nothing.
these two moles, these blind ones, aboard him: if he
these strange flies, these fashion-mongers, these
these robes are not gentlemen born: give me the
these four threes of herdsmen.
these boiled brains of nineteen and two-and-twenty
therein would have found issue. Hear me profess
therein the heaping friendships. Of that fatal
therefore, if thou art moved, thou runn'st away.
therefore, back to Rome, and prepare for your
therefore it behoves men to be wary.
therefore fire: do thy duty, and have thy duty; for
there; and yet it will no more but abide.
there's some boot.
there's all the love they bear us.
there rust, and let me die.
there rooted betwixt them then such an affection,
then, death, death!
then come back to my master's as soon as I can.
themselves all men of hair, they call themselves
them: there may be matter in it.
them thyself or take away with thee the very
them talk of a fardel and I know not what: but he
them plainly see't.
them not handsomely.
their tribunes for ever. This lies glowing, I can
their queen.
their books,
their adversaries. Have you an army ready, say you?
thee; look thee, a bearing-cloth for a squire's
thee; but being assured none but myself could move
thee: yet for the outside of thy poverty we must
thee, Kate:
thee, I have been blown out of your gates with
thee, I bid thy master cut out the gown; but I did
thee!' and by the operation of the second cup draws
thee thine own goodness hath made; better not to
thee straight,
the--No; I know it begins with some other
the yarn she spun in Ulysses' absence did but fill
the weather or our office.
the way? Is it sad, and few words? or how? The
the very stream of his life and the business he hath
the verity of it is in strong suspicion: has the king
the utmost of your having: back.
the university.
the tyrant.
the tune of 'Two maids wooing a man:' there's
the truth, I had as lief have the foppery of freedom
the third in your bosom: the very butcher of a silk
the thanksgiving before meat, do relish the petition
the streets,
the state, and usurp the beggary he was never born
the spirits o' the dead
the skirts of it, and beat me to death with a bottom
the silly cheat. Gallows and knock are too powerful
the shearers, three-man-song-men all, and very good
the seaside, browsing of ivy. Good luck, an't be thy
the sea, hold notwithstanding their freshness and
the sea or weather.
the scale.
the same kind! This would make mercy swear and play
the right: but to the point. As I say, this
the rejoicing?
the provost.
the princess my sister called my father father; and
the prince thou art a tall fellow of thy hands and
the porter let in Susan Grindstone and Nell.
the poor. If the wars eat us not up, they will; and
the physician: the most sovereign prescription in
the people.
the pantry, and every thing in extremity. I must
the palsied intercession of such a decayed dotant as
the most sufficient of your parish.
the moon out of her sphere, if she would continue
the middle and but one half of what he was
the meeting of the two kings?
the matter, he makes the maid to answer 'Whoop, do me
the map of my microcosm, follows it that I am known
the love of Juno, let's go.
the like occasion whereon my services are now on
the letters of Antigonus found with it which they
the knaves, you need not to fear the bawds.
the king's fair daughter Claribel to the King of Tunis.
the judgment-day.
the insinuating nod and be off to them most
the inside of your purse to the outside of his hand,
the idle husewife with me this afternoon.
the house.
the hour, if it so hap. Cheerly, good hearts! Out
the goodness that is cheap in beauty makes beauty
the fish, was when, at the relation of the queen's
the dukes fall upon the king.
the duke we talk of were returned again: the
the desire of the penitent to be so bared before his
the dearer by I know how much an ounce.
the curses he shall have, the tortures he shall
the courageous captain of compliments. He fights as
the common people.
the coast on Wednesday the four-score of April,
the chronicles; we came in with Richard Conqueror.
the carpets laid, and every thing in order?
the bottom of the news is that our general is cut i'
the bear half dined on the gentleman: he's at it
the angry law; do no stain to your own gracious
the Bunch of Grapes, where indeed you have a delight
that's no matter, the greater part carries it. I
that's in them. Is the senate possessed of this?
that your senses, unintelligent of our insufficience,
that you may most uprighteously do a poor wronged
that you have said.
that we may yet again have access to our fair
that thou wouldst discover if thou couldst, let him
that thou wilt not be drunk; but I know thou art no
that they cannot at ease on the old bench? O, their
that runs lolling up and down to hide his bauble in a hole.
that never prayed before, how I cried, how the
that my report: you, indeed, spoke so of him; and
that may turn back to my advancement? I will bring
that let me inform you.
that kills my heart.
that is something stale and hoar ere it be spent.
that is a prisoner nine years old.
that have been more kindly beholding to you than
that hath been long studying at Rheims; as cunning
that frailty hath examples for his falling, I should
that are fallible: tomorrow you must die; go to
that Petrarch flowed in: Laura to his lady was but a
that I found; it beggars any man that keeps it: it
that Clifford's manhood lies upon his tongue.
thankful to thee shall be my study, and my profit
thank my good father, I am able to maintain it.
than you'ld think, sister.
than the stripes I have received, which are mighty
than the poor thing is here. I'll take it up for
than the master: if any where I have them, 'tis by
than now in first seeing he had proved himself a
than legs, nor no more shoes than feet; nay,
tender-bodied and the only son of my womb, when
temperance.
tell you, and is almost mature for the violent
tell you you have good faces. If you see this in
teeth and the lips: but this I can let you
teeth and tear it; O, I warrant it, how he mammocked
tears that ever we shed.
tarry so long. But I would be loath to fall into
tapsters: they will draw you, Master Froth, and you
tall fellow of thy hands and that thou wilt be
talk we of these traitorly rascals, whose miseries
take the wall of any man or maid of Montague's.
take it in what sense thou wilt.
take him to be a thief too, sir; for we have found
take cold. Holla, ho! Curtis.
tailors, and breed ballad-makers.
ta'en from me, and these detestable things put upon
sworn brother, the people, to earn a dearer
sworn brother, a very simple gentleman! I have sold
sword, and then we will chop him in the malmsey-butt
sweet sorrow,
sweet Bianca, if I can by any means light on a fit
swallowed with yest and froth, as you'ld thrust a
sure of it. To express the like kindness, myself,
support usurers; repeal daily any wholesome act
sun looking with a southward eye upon him, where he
suitors have strong breaths: they shall know we
sufficiently manage, must either stay to execute
sufferance is a gain to them Let us revenge this with
such weak breath as this? No, you are deceived;
such things as you, I can scarce think there's any,
such dishes; they are not China dishes, but very
such a case as mine a man may strain courtesy.
substitute, and to save your brother?
subject, makes old hearts fresh: they that went on
stuff a rabbit; and so may you, sir: and so, adieu,
stuck in ears: you might have pinched a placket, it
strawberries.
strange things from Rome; all tending to the good of
strange guest he has here.
stolen out of other affairs; but I will attend you awhile.
stockings, and every officer his wedding-garment on?
still, ha?
stealing, fighting--Hark you now! Would any but
station; here's no place for you; pray you, avoid: come.
stars with oaths,
stark spoiled with the staggers, begnawn with the
staring on one another, to tear the cases of their
stand him but a little, he will throw a figure in
stand for his place. He received in the repulse of
stand bald before him: our general himself makes a
spit in his face, so she defied him.
speech we had to such a purpose.
speech of him.
spectatorship, and crueller in suffering; behold now
speak you.
speak with him till after dinner.
speak to him, I will open my lips in vain, or
speak this in hunger for bread, not in thirst for revenge.
speak no more. Away with those giglots too, and
spavins, rayed with yellows, past cure of the fives,
sounder all the next day.
sound'? What say you, Simon Catling?
sought for, in the great chamber.
sorrows I might be some allay, or I o'erween to
soon moody to be moved.
son? Kings are no less unhappy, their issue not
son, my son! Tell me, thou villain, where is my son Lucentio?
son,
son's pranks too; who, I may say, is no honest man,
son the whole name of the war: he hath in this
son and scared my choughs from the chaff, I had not
sometimes to see 'em, and not to see 'em; now the
sometimes more feet than shoes, or such shoes as my
sometimes and tell her that Paris is the properer
something; make it a word and a blow.
some, he is in Rome: but where is he, think you?
some stair-work, some trunk-work, some
solemnity, her brother Frederick was wrecked at sea,
solemness out o' door. and go along with us.
softly towards my kinsman's.
so: they are in a most warlike preparation, and
so: ever your fresh whore and your powdered bawd:
so with him.
so we wept, and there was the first gentleman-like
so to heart the banishment of that worthy
so that in the beastliest sense you are Pompey the
so money comes withal.
so long am I at the least. But wilt thou make a
so honourable a grave as to stuff a botcher's
so he then took her to be, who began to be much
so great, Hortensio, but we may blow our nails
snow that's bolted
smutch'd thy nose?
sleekly combed their blue coats brushed and their
slaughter'd,
sky: betwixt the firmament and it you cannot thrust
six time pieced and a woman's crupper of velure,
sitting, as I say, in a lower chair, sir; 'twas in
sister. But mark how heavily this befell to the
sir. My master hath appointed me to go to Saint
sir, we had but two in the house, which at that very
sir, I would prove--
sings 'em over as they were gods or goddesses; you
singleness.
single: your abilities are too infant-like for
sincerely: had I a dozen sons, each in my love
since the death of Hermione, visited that removed
since Deucalion, though peradventure some of the
silent, and not confess so much, were a kind of
silence, and work the peace of the present, we will
silence in it; and the place answer to convenience.
signet is not strange to you.
sign of dolour to another, she did, with an 'Alas,'
sights: the men are not yet cold under water, nor
sight of him.
sighs; and conjure thee to pardon Rome, and thy
sick health!
shrift and advise him for a better place. Yet you
show your sheep-biting face, and be hanged an hour!
show you, which shall be yours in private. Your
show much like to madness: pray heaven his wisdom be
shoulder-bone; how he cried to me for help and said
shoulder-blade is out.
should sing.
should quickly have been out, I warrant you: I dare
should not pass here; no, though it were as virtuous
should freelier rejoice in that absence wherein he
should buy the fee-simple of my life for an hour and a quarter.
should buy first, as if my trinkets had been
should be hanged, I cannot imagine.
shortly, for one would kill the other. Thou! why,
shorn. what comes the wool to?
shore of my modesty: but my brother justice have I
ship boring the moon with her main-mast, and anon
shift a trencher? he scrape a trencher!
shepherd; from whose simplicity I think it not
shepherd. Put not yourself into amazement how these
shepherd, which stands by like a weather-bitten
shepherd deliver the manner how he found it:
sheep-shearing.
sheep-cote! all deaths are too few, the sharpest too easy.
shearers prove sheep, let me be unrolled and my name
she, that this house, if it be not a bawd's house,
she's a changeling and none of your flesh and blood.
she'll be ashamed.
she would sooner confess: perchance, publicly,
she was of Carthage, not of Tunis.
she may perhaps call him half a score knaves or so:
she know me not: if she say I am not fourteen pence
sharp sauce.
shalt hear; 'tis in three parts.
shalt accompany us to the place; where we will, not
shall use me hereafter, drybeat the rest of the
shall see how I'll handle her.
shall our poor city find: and all this is long of
shall know within this hour, if I may come to the
shall have no more eyes to see withal than a cat.
shall have all the world drink brown and white bastard.
shall find, within these two days he will be here.
shall do it.
shall beat out my brains with billets: I will not
shall anon over-read it at your pleasure; where you
shall I be appointed hours; as though, belike, I
sewed up again; and that I'll prove upon thee,
several tunes faster than you'll tell money; he
seven years
settled only in rogue: some call him Autolycus.
serving-men in their new fustian, their white
services thou hast done; which if I have not enough
service, look you, sir, he bid me knock him and rap
serves a bad woman; whose house, sir, was, as they
separation of their society, their encounters,
sentenced him. To make you understand this in a
sentenced and stay upon execution.
sent to the deputy.
sent to find those persons whose names are here
sent thee thither. For debt, Pompey? or how?
send for certain of my creditors: and yet, to say
sell him an hour from her beholding, I, considering
seems he to be touched?
seemed sorrow wept to take leave of them, for their
see, there is such unity in the proofs. The mantle
see where he looks out of the window.
see him a man.
see a toad, a very toad, as see him. I anger her
security enough to make fellowships accurst: much
secrets, but you must be tittle-tattling before all
second day of audience. When you are hearing a
sea-sick, and himself little better, extremity of
sea mocked them; and how the poor gentleman roared
sea again; lay her off.
scarce a maid westward but she sings it; 'tis in
sayest thou to this tune, matter and method? Is't
say, you cannot pass. Therefore, go back.
say, plucked down in the suburbs; and now she
say, if he would incline to the people, there was
say is a gallimaufry of gambols, because they are
say if the importance were joy or sorrow; but in the
say he lies?
saving your honour's reverence, for stewed prunes;
saved, your honour untainted, the poor Mariana
salt water.
said, the fittest time to corrupt a man's wife is
saddle. Yet you must be saying, Marcius is proud;
rosemary and Romeo begin both with a letter?
rogue, a villain, that fights by the book of
right-hand file? do you?
rich by the fairies. This is some changeling:
ribbon, glass, pomander, brooch, table-book, ballad,
restrained to keep him from stumbling, hath been
rest; for there is nothing in the between but
rest, as I said, and, as I say, paying for them very
rest of the herd to me that all their other senses
resolved to die.
requiring with a plausible obedience; agree with
request, I can tell you.
reputation. Come, shall we to this gear?
reproof and rebuke from every ear that heard it.
reports; but the best is, he lives not in them.
report you.
report fort, but that he pays himself with being proud.
renowned brother, in his love toward her ever most
renown made it not stir, was pleased to let him seek
remembered. My clown, who wants but something to
remembered, that such a one and such a one were past
remedy presents itself. I do make myself believe
rehearse, though credit be asleep and not an ear
redeliver our authorities there
redeem you from your gyves; if not, you shall have
receives not thy nose court-odor from me? reflect I
rebused your worship?
rebellion of a codpiece to take away the life of a
rather to have my hat than my heart, I will practise
ram-tender, to offer to have his daughter come into
raisins o' the sun.
raised the wall and houses too.
quoth a'? Gentlemen, can any of you tell me where I
question asked him by any of the senators, but they
queen's picture. Come, follow us: we'll be thy
putting-on; methinks strangely, for he hath not used it before.
puts transgression to 't.
put them on first in Afric, at the marriage of
put me into this apparel.
put in the book of virtue!
purse; I could have filed keys off that hung in
pulled down?
prunes; and having but two in the dish, as I said,
provost, honesty and constancy: if I read it not
proud, violent, testy magistrates, alias fools, as
protest unto thee--
proportion; rests me his minim rest, one, two, and
prophecy, hark you: I advise you, let me not find
promise-keeping.
professes a hot-house, which, I think, is a very ill house too.
proclamation. Let him be but testimonied in his own
proclaims, shall be be set against a brick-wall, the
process-server, a bailiff; then he compassed a
proceeding, it shall become him well; wherein if he
prisoner the very debt of your calling. I have
prison; and there's Madam Juliet.
prince: I cannot tell, good sir, for which of his
pricking it for pity. Come, you shall go with us.
prevailing and to make it brief wars. This is true,
pretty one; a very pretty one: sure, some 'scape:
pretty barne! A boy or a child, I wonder? A
pretending in her discoveries of dishonour: in few,
presently, and swoon for what's to come upon thee.
presently to Saint Luke's: there, at the moated
present. Why should I carry lies abroad?
preposterous estate as we are.
prepared. I am made to understand that you have
prayers; for, look you, the warrant's come.
prayers are he may, let me desire you to make your
pray, can you read any thing you see?
pray you, sir, of what disposition was the duke?
power that we have no power to do; for if he show us
poor with begging.
poor gentlewoman: there she lost a noble and
points more than all the lawyers in Bohemia can
point. O, the most piteous cry of the poor souls!
plebeians: I will be bold to take my leave of you.
pleasure to you in being so. You blame Marcius for
pleased, let them come in; but quickly now.
please you,
please his mother and to be partly proud; which he
planted his honours in their eyes, and his actions
place call upon me; and dispatch with Angelo, that
pity: yet I'll tarry till my son come; he hallooed
pipe; no, the bagpipe could not move you: he sings
pinched with the colic, you make faces like
pies; mace; dates?--none, that's out of my note;
piercing statutes daily, to chain up and restrain
picture; and what I saw, to my good use I
petitionary countrymen. The good gods assuage thy
persuasion.
persuasion can with ease attempt you, I will go
person; and much please the absent duke, if
person than any of us all.
person hath here writ. I must to the learned.--In good time.
perfecter giber for the table than a necessary
perfect gallows. Stand fast, good Fate, to his
perdona-mi's, who stand so much on the new form,
perchance of the duke's death; perchance entering
perceive that a Jack guardant cannot office me from
peradventure he shall ever return to have hearing of
people against the senators, patricians, and nobles.
pennyworth on his side be the worst, yet hold thee,
penitent, as thou callest him, and reconciled king,
pedlar, by education a cardmaker, by transmutation a
peach-coloured satin, which now peaches him a
pawn till it be brought you.
patience; and, in roaring for a chamber-pot,
past compare: he is not the flower of courtesy,
passion of wonder appeared in them; but the wisest
particulars; wherein every one of us has a single
particular prosperity, and love thee no worse than
parle, know now, upon advice, it toucheth us both,
parcel of their feast, and to be executed ere they
paid you more, which will shame you to give him again.
own fingers: therefore he that cannot lick his
out; what she bade me say, I will keep to myself:
out of the house: prithee, call my master to him.
out of the court: they cherish it to make it stay
our trade, and are now 'for the Lord's sake.'
our strange sights: he must know 'tis none of your
our pikes, ere we become rakes: for the gods know I
our noble acceptance of them. Ingratitude is
our guests? 'tis well they are whispering: clamour
our absence makes us unthrifty to our knowledge.
our Roman power: your lord and Titus Lartius are set
other reason but because thou hast hazel eyes: what
order of law a furred gown to keep him warm; and
or we run ourselves aground: bestir, bestir.
or a hair less, in his beard, than thou hast: thou
opposite. Now, to seem to affect the malice and
open. He was torn to pieces with a bear: this
open't. What's within, boy?
open't. So, let's see: it was told me I should be
open thy affair.
open ear, a quick eye, and a nimble hand, is
ones; but they are most of them means and bases; but
ones and millions.
one, I hope I shall not be flayed out of it.
one skull, they would fly east, west, north, south,
one puritan amongst them, and he sings psalms to
one out of the table.
once to all the points o' the compass.
on. She hath made me four and twenty nose-gays for
on't: before Corioli he scotched him and notched
on's teeth.
on when thou art dead and rotten, come hither. What
on thee, rather than have these off.
on the voice of occupation and
on the score for sheer ale, score me up for the
on the highway: beating and hanging are terrors to
on no water.
on mine honour; and so, I pray, go with us.
on him, I charge you, in the duke's name. O, my
on crutches till he had one.
old mothy saddle and stirrups of no kindred;
oftener ask forgiveness.
often give us soldiers the lie: but we pay them for
often burst and now repaired with knots; one girth
officious; for I am proof against that title and
offence, Claudio?
of; and void of all profanation in the world that
of your daughter, who is now queen.
of what's past, present, or to come; insensible of
of the prison; give him leave to escape hence, he
of the morning: what I think I utter, and spend my
of the benefit defends the deceit from reproof.
of that fardel, the place of your dwelling, your
of sugar, five pound of currants, rice,--what will
of remorse in me.
of profession: one would think it were Mistress
of our way, I say.
of our two cousins coming into London.
of nobleness which nature shows above her breeding,
of no better report than a horse-drench. Is he
of natures: she, having the truth of honour in her,
of my master's horse-tail till they kiss their
of losing.
of it. A prize! a prize!
of his face sours ripe grapes: when he walks, he
of his country.
of her first affection: his unjust unkindness, that
of brown thread: I said a gown.
of boots that have been candle-cases, one buckled,
of a world ransomed, or one destroyed: a notable
of Queen Hermione's, her jewel about the neck of it,
of Montagues, I pray, come and crush a cup of wine.
occupation; have at it with you.
occasion will rob you of a great deal of patience:
occasion to use me for your own turn, you shall find
obstacles: it made me once restore a purse of gold
oak not to be wind-shaken.
nutmegs, seven; a race or two of ginger, but that I
now. I shall crave your forbearance a little: may
now.
now with, 'knocking at the gate'?
now than an eight-year-old horse. The tartness
now stands, he will avoid your accusation; he made
now art thou sociable, now art thou Romeo; now art
novelty is only in request; and it is as dangerous
notorious bawd.
notice to such men of sort and suit as are to meet
nothing, let him call me rogue for being so far
nothing undone that may fully discover him their
nothing still.
nothing but secrecy. Let my sheep go: come, good
notable fellow.
not? come, tell me true: it shall be the better for you.
not--Cock's passion, silence! I hear my master.
not, use him for the present and dismiss him. He
not, man; here's no harm intended to thee.
not wounded? he was wont to come home wounded.
not what to say. We will give you sleepy drinks,
not trouble them. Come, bring away thy pack after
not too late now.
not to kill the duke.
not there for the goose.
not tainted! And why meet him at the gates, and
not suffer me: she drops booties in my mouth. I am
not on thy baseness court-contempt? Thinkest thou,
not in't; but they themselves are o' the mind, if it
not heard of the proclamation, have you?
not hand a rope more; use your authority: if you
not give you three-pence again.
not drowned i' the last rain, ha? What sayest
not by favour. Our king, being ready to leap out of
not bid him cut it to pieces: ergo, thou liest.
not been common in my love. I will, sir, flatter my
not be long; that the time may have all shadow and
not be allowed in Vienna.
nose for thy speeches?
none of his skains-mates. And thou must stand by
none of Pygmalion's images, newly made woman, to be
noble Marcius.
no, not for dwelling where you do: if I do, Pompey,
no stronger than a nutshell and as leaky as an
no more words.
no money of me; but being enthralled as I am, it
no harm, good man;' puts him off, slights him, with
no greater forfeit to the law than Angelo who hath
no better than picture-like to hang by the wall, if
ninescore and seventeen pounds; of which he made
nine that I know.
nieces; Mercutio and his brother Valentine; mine
news is old enough, yet it is every day's news. I
news in Rome? I have a note from the Volscian state,
new ship to purge melancholy and air himself: for,
never saw you before in all my life.
never bring them to light: would he were returned!
never a worthier man.
neither to his father nor to me, to go about to make
neither maid, widow, nor wife.
neighbours, is grown into an unspeakable estate.
needs buy and sell men and women like beasts, we
need none, so long as I live.
necessary for a cut-purse; a good nose is requisite
near-legged before and with, a half-chequed bit
naming punishes me with the remembrance of that
names, your ages, of what having, breeding, and any
name? why dost thou not speak, Elbow?
name, Master tapster?
name is Tranio.
myself, fellow Curtis.
my son.' 'My daughter.' 'He killed my cousin
my son Coriolanus: guess, but by my entertainment
my prayers; but I cannot go thither.
my pack will hold.
my master and mistress are almost frozen to death.
my head fill my belly; one fruitful meal would set
my father is here look'd for every day,
my dreams again: I will therefore tarry in
my discretion so weakly. Will you laugh
my brother; whose loss of his most precious queen
mutinies in a man's bosom; it fills one full of
must have that thanks from Rome, after the measure
murderer dead,
mummers; set up the bloody flag against all
mulled, deaf, sleepy, insensible; a getter of more
much more, much worse.
much in request, for the old women were all dead.
moves like an engine, and the ground shrinks before
mourners, and stay dinner.
motion of the Prodigal Son, and married a tinker's
motion generative; that's infallible.
mother shall bring from him: there is no more mercy
most homely shepherd; a man, they say, that from
mortality, and desperately mortal.
more. Adieu, trusty Pompey. 'Bless you, friar.
more of you.
more mature dignities and royal necessities made
more in joy at first hearing he was a man-child
more comfortable sort: if my son were my husband, I
more and leave this young man in pawn till I bring it you.
monstrous, and for the multitude to be ingrateful,
monstrous villain!
monstrous members.
mistress. Thou pratest, and pratest; serve with thy
mistress of him: sanctifies himself with's hand and
mistress is a respected woman.
mistress fallen out.
mistress and be happy rivals in Bianco's love, to
miry a place, how she was bemoiled, how he left her
mio Petruchio.' Rise, Grumio, rise: we will compound
mine only son, and heir to the lands of me, Signior Vincentio.
mind is: Why give him gold enough and marry him to
milliner can so fit his customers with gloves: he
met you at the prison, in the absence of the duke.
merriest was put down, and the worser allowed by
merchant was this, that was so full of his ropery?
men, what you have to the king: being something
melted away with rotten dews, the fourth would return
meat, and yet thy head hath been beaten as addle as
meant, indeed, to occupy the argument no longer.
means to pay Bohemia the visitation which he justly owes him.
me; I will neither be faced nor braved. I say unto
me: your name, I think, is Adrian.
me: for the life to come, I sleep out the thought
me. Wenches, I'll buy for you both. Pedlar, let's
me.
me!
me your good report to the prince my master.
me yare; for truly, sir, for your kindness I owe you
me to-morrow, and you shall find me a grave man. I
me to the gaol.
me to 't. But they say the duke will be here
me the king's brother-in-law.
me quivers. Scurvy knave! Pray you, sir, a word:
me like men:
me asleep, for I am very heavy?
me a piece of marchpane; and, as thou lovest me, let
may, though they cannot praise us, as little accuse
may sigh it off. Send after the duke and appeal to
may find the young Romeo?
may beg; four pound of prunes, and as many of
may I be so bold to know the cause of your coming?
matter to alter it. You have an unspeakable
matter merrily set down, or a very pleasant thing
matter between party and party, if you chance to be
master's whistle. Blow, till thou burst thy wind,
master Vincentio! now we are undone and brought to nothing.
married man, he's his wife's head, and I can never
married a shepherd's daughter.
mar.
many of us: that we did, we did for the best; and
many friends as enemies; which friends, sir, as it
manifested effect, I crave but four days' respite;
man; prove it.
man; but, I'll warrant you, when I say so, she looks
man.
man, I think, that shall set them in present action.
man's voice.
man! Would the duke that is absent have done this?
man to teach her that wherein she delights, I will
man so rayed? was ever man so weary? I am sent
man i' the world.
man for coughing in the street, because he hath
man and his son aboard the prince: told him I heard
malice, that, giving itself the lie, would pluck
malice in my breath. Meeting two such wealsmen as
makes a man a coward: a man cannot steal, but it
make you dance. 'Zounds, consort!
make not this cheat bring out another and the
make merry withal?
make an exchange; therefore discase thee instantly,
maintained all by helping Baptista's eldest daughter
maids, and cut off their heads.
made me businesses which none without thee can
lyingest knave in Christendom. What! I am not
lying: it becomes none but tradesmen, and they
loves not the common people.
loves a cup of hot wine with not a drop of allaying
loved her: the ballad is very pitiful and as true.
love-song; the very pin of his heart cleft with the
love not Marcius.
love a ballad but even too well, if it be doleful
lost my crupper, with many things of worthy memory,
looking out at the window.
look,--do you call, sir, your occupation a mystery?
look upon his school-master.
look upon his removedness; from whom I have this
lives; that I mean to make bold withal, and as you
live, forget to drink after thee.
little finger, there is some hope the ladies of
listening. Now I begin: Imprimis, we came down a
like, which else would stand under grievous
like you, sir?
like the horse; with a linen stock on one leg and a
like an impediment in the current, made it more
life, for then we are sure they are true.
lieve be a condemned man.
lie, do, and try whether I am not now a gentleman born.
letter:--and she hath the prettiest sententious of
let him have knowledge who I am.
lesser linen. My father named me Autolycus; who
lent him visitation.
leisure have discredited to him, and now is he
left a purse alive in the whole army.
leave. And, I beseech you, look into Master Froth
learnedly handle, though they come to him by the
lay knife aboard; but she, good soul, had as lief
lay aside the thoughts of Sicilia.
lately came from the king, commands the contrary.
large cicatrices to show the people, when he shall
land-service, to see how the bear tore out his
lady a merited benefit; redeem your brother from
laboured for the poor gentleman to the extremest
labour and effect one thing specially.
known well enough too?
knowledge be more it is much darkened in your malice.
knowest, winter tames man, woman and beast; for it
know to be his character, the majesty of the
know this to be true; therefore prepare yourself to
know the king is full of grief.
knock me well, and knock me soundly'? And come you
knife, tape, glove, shoe-tie, bracelet, horn-ring,
knew the service, and that instructed him to mercy.
knew not what to take and what to leave, ha?
kitchen-wench; marry, she had a better love to
kings and princes; for by such was it acted.
king, my master, hath sent for me; to whose feeling
king's daughter is found: such a deal of wonder is
kind of behavior, as they say: for the gentlewoman
kind and natural; with him, the portion and sinew of
kersey boot-hose on the other, gartered with a red
justified in our loves; for indeed--
justice, sir, and do bring in here before your good
joy were now become a loss, cries 'O, thy mother,
joy waded in tears. There was casting up of eyes,
joy crown another, so and in such manner that it
jerkin, a pair of old breeches thrice turned, a pair
it: but, first, how the poor souls roared, and the
it. Nay, friar, I am a kind of burr; I shall stick.
it.
it, of you and rosemary, that it would do you good
it!
it with stamped coin, not stabbing steel; therefore
it will let this man live! But how out of this can she avail?
it was against our will.
it to that end: though soft-conscienced men can be
it should take joy
it quite, friar, till eating and drinking be put
it on the drawer, when indeed there is no need.
it may be quickly.
it is well allied: but it is impossible to extirp
it is pity of her life, for it is a naughty house.
it is but heading and hanging.
it in the behalf of his friend: and I'll swear to
it hath seen very hot service. Lend me thy hand,
it follows,
issuing blood
is, even till the altitude of his virtue.
is young; and, therefore, if you should deal double
is writ. Look, the unfolding star calls up the
is worn, the jest may remain after the wearing sole singular.
is washed with them, but relents not.
is turned out of all towns and cities for a
is too soft for him, say I draw our throne into a
is to behold him with flies blown to death. But what
is this thy vow unto my sickly heart.
is the right Vincentio.
is risen: why stay we prating here? to the Capitol!
is herself in the tub.
is here! I think our fellows are asleep.
is a year and a quarter old, come Philip and Jacob:
is a nobleman in town, one Paris, that would fain
is a gallant child; one that indeed physics the
inventory to particularise their abundance; our
into some monastery; but, by chance, nothing of what
into my note.
intended fire your city is ready to flame in, with
intelligence, that he is seldom from the house of a
instruments which aided to expose the child were
instructions may be your guide. Let this Barnardine
innocence, which seems much, to justify him, but a
iniquity, stealing away from his father with his
ingrateful injury; to report otherwise, were a
infect my brain, being the herdsmen of the beastly
indeed, his fact, till now in the government of Lord
indeed and sung lamentably.
incharitable dog!
inch narrow to an ell broad!
in.
in your ward sufficient to serve it?
in whose name myself
in their very gesture; they looked as they had heard
in their hearts, that for their tongues to be
in the view of the shepherd: so that all the
in the next room.
in the hatching,
in the chine; troubled with the lampass, infected
in studs, and here and there pieced with packthread.
in private;
in place where, thou shouldst know it.
in music and mathematics: his name is Cambio; pray,
in mine office, awakens me with this unwonted
in it five weeks without changing.
in him than there is milk in a male tiger; that
in all reason should have quenched her love, hath,
in Greek, Latin, and other languages, as the other
imposition, as for the enjoying of thy life, who I
impiety has made a feast of thee.
imagine me too unhurtful an opposite. But indeed I
ignorance, given your enemy your shield, think to
if you should die before him, where's her dower?
if you be he, sir, I desire some confidence with
if two such murderers as yourselves came to you,
if thou beest capable of things serious, thou must
if thou account'st it shame. lay it on me;
if this be not a lawful case for me to leave his
if the old fantastical duke of dark corners had been
if the bear be gone from the gentleman and how much
if something thou wilt swear to be believed,
if room enough!
if my brother wrought by my pity, it should not be
if it were at liberty, 'twould, sure, southward.
if he could burn us all into one coal,
if bawdy talk offend you, we'll have very little of
i' the morn; I'll call you at your house: give
husband at home, my son and my servant spend all at
hunt this weather? They have scared away two of my
hundred bastards, he would have paid for the nursing
howsoever you colour it in being a tapster, are you
how you take it!
how to choose a man: Romeo! no, not he; though his
how the young folks lay their heads together!
how it takes up the shore! but that's not the
how honour would become such a person. that it was
how art thou fishified! Now is he for the numbers
house; next, this is a respected fellow; and his
house. Shall we thither and with our company piece
house-eaves, because they are lecherous. The duke
house of her! Come on.
hours since, and he was ever precise in
hot, my very lips might freeze to my teeth, my
hose! a scarlet cloak! and a copatain hat! O, I
horses ran away, how her bridle was burst, how I
horse in Padua to begin his wooing that would
horn-pipes. I must have saffron to colour the warden
hope to come upon them in the heat of their division.
honour, in giving him our own voices with our own
honour two notorious benefactors.
honesty to acquaint the king withal, I would not
honestly; for, as you know, Master Froth, I could
honest witnesses: If this be not that you look for,
homely foolery already. I know, sir, we weary you.
home: he has more cause to be proud. Where is he wounded?
holding up of hands, with countenances of such
his wounds and tell us his deeds, we are to put our
his use was to put a ducat in her clack-dish: the
his treading: he is able to pierce a corslet with
his tongue,
his rope-tricks. I'll tell you what sir, an she
his pencil, and the painter with his nets; but I am
his new doublet before Easter? with another, for
his name was Antigonus, a nobleman. But to make an
his head in the view of Angelo? I may make my case
his happier affairs may be, are to me unknown: but I
his eye; talks like a knell, and his hum is a
his events, with a prayer they may prove prosperous;
his demands to the point; only refer yourself to
his bidding. He wants nothing of a god but eternity
himself stuck not to call us the many-headed multitude.
himself for joy of his found daughter, as if that
himself fears it not from another: let your general
him: something too crabbed that way, friar.
him: he had, sir, a kind of face, methought,--I
him.
him.
him.
him.
him.
him.
him, though removed fifty times, shall all come
him up ever since he was three years old, and his
him to prison! Where is the provost? Away with him
him soundly, sir: well, was it fit for a servant to
him our commission; talk no more.
him manifests the true knowledge he has in their
him like a carbon ado.
him last night.
him carried away; and, which is more, within these
him by the year, and let him abide here with you; if
hereafter, which shall then have no power to stand
here,--this, who, like a block, hath denied my
here, sir; a man of four-score pound a year; whose
her;' and where some stretch-mouthed rascal would,
her to try with main-course.
her to her heart that she might no more be in danger
her recompense: and here, by this, is your brother
her husband, another elevated that the oracle was
her horse stumbled, how she waded through the dirt
her fortune, her marriage-dowry; with both, her
her father be very rich, any man is so very a fool
her face and so disfigure her with it that she
hence to wait; I beseech you, follow straight.
hence the child?
helped her: there your charity would have lacked footing.
helmed must upon a warranted need give him a better
hedge and follow you.
heart wept blood. Who was most marble there changed
heart is full of woe:' O, play me some merry dump,
heard the shepherd say, he found the child.
head; that he gives entrance to such companions?
he's a better woodman than thou takest him for.
he'll be made an example.
he would show most love. When yet he was but
he would mouth with a beggar, though she smelt brown
he waved indifferently 'twixt doing them neither
he tell us his noble deeds, we must also tell him
he is, and in the hottest day prognostication
he is indeed Justice.
he hear us not, 'regia,' presume not, 'celsa senis,'
he hath faults, with surplus, to tire in repetition.
he hath eaten: they are never curst but when they
he cannot lie with his neighbour's wife, but it
he be a whoremonger, and comes before him, he were
having in that perished vessel the dowry of his
having been supple and courteous to the people,
have, I am one that, telling true under him, must
have you whipt: so, for this time, Pompey, fare you well.
have worn your eyes almost out in the service, you
have the first choice. Follow me, girls.
have strong arms too.
have spoken truer than you purposed.
have relished among my other discredits.
have purchased as many diseases under her roof as come to--
have not in abundance?
have not deserved nobly.
have none.
have no more doublets than backs, no more stockings
have missingly noted, he is of late much retired
have heard it was ever his manner to do so.
have had thee than thus to want thee: thou, having
have fought with the men, I will be cruel with the
hath tamed my old master and my new mistress and
hath not my gait in it the measure of the court?
hath no drowning mark upon him; his complexion is
hath made him that gracious denial which he is most
hath made her mistress of the feast, and she lays it
hath been since an ape-bearer; then a
has the prettiest love-songs for maids; so without
has letters from the general, wherein he gives my
has left with thee: if this be a horseman's coat,
hard for him; I have heard him say so himself.
hangs a tale.
hanging: make the rope of his destiny our cable,
hanging, yields a careful man work.
hanging, or of some death more long in
hang'd first.
hands. Are they all ready?
hands and they unwashed too, 'tis a foul thing.
handkerchief and rings of his that Paulina knows.
hallowed and brought a benediction to the buyer:
hai!
hadst been poor John. Draw thy tool! here comes
had rather it would please you I might be whipt.
had now, for putting the hand in the pocket and
had not taken yourself with the manner.
had inkling this fortnight what we intend to do,
habit, but your words show you a madman. Why, sir,
habit no loss shall touch her by my company.
gross: inkles, caddisses, cambrics, lawns: why, he
greatness back?
greater soldier.
great traveller, and wild Half-can that stabbed
great rich Capulet; and if you be not of the house
great opposer, Coriolanus, being now in no request
great matter.
great maker of cuckolds.
grant this.
grange, resides this dejected Mariana. At that
grandsire, that we should be thus afflicted with
grain enough!
grace! Some say he shall be stoned; but that death
grace was said.
gown for thy master's use!
goodness, that the dissolution of it must cure it:
good, sir, to rise and be put to death.
good, here's none will hold you. Their love is not
good voice, sir; what say you?
good quarrel, and the law on my side.
good purpose. Doth your honour mark his face?
good nor harm: but he seeks their hate with greater
good natures
good my lord, do not recompense me in making me a cuckold.
good masters.
good favour you have, but that you have a hanging
good enough for him.
good dishes,--
good diet, as I told you,--
good Christians ought to have.
going to bed, or kiln-hole, to whistle off these
gods! O fine villain! A silken doublet! a velvet
go on the right hand: I will but look upon the
glosses, being rather new-dyed than stained with
glad to receive. I am confessor to Angelo, and I
give your dispositions the reins, and be angry at
give him gold; and though authority be a stubborn
getting wenches with child, wronging the ancientry,
gently considered, I'll bring you where he is
gentlemen.
gentleman of the greatest promise that ever came
gentleman of all temperance. But leave we him to
gentle: and since the wisdom of their choice is
garters of an indifferent knit: let them curtsy
game of tick-tack. I'll to her.
gain by you.
further than I meant, to pluck all fears out of you.
furred with fox and lamb-skins too, to signify, that
full of vent. Peace is a very apoplexy, lethargy;
fulfilled: she lifted the princess from the earth,
fronts encountering,
front his revenges with the easy groans of old
from the world! What corruption in this life, that
from my shoulder to my heel with no greater a run
from man to dragon: he has wings; he's more than a
from his judge, but most willingly humbles himself
from court and is less frequent to his princely
from all: the rest
friendship
friends, it shall be so far forth friendly
friend of mine.
friar. But no more of this. Canst thou tell if
franklins say it, I'll swear it.
found so severe, that he hath forced me to tell him
found his heir?
foul hill, my master riding behind my mistress,--
forty thousand fathom above water, and sung this
fortune, by the saint whom I profess, I will plead
fortune hath conveyed to my understanding; and, but
forth more islands.
forswear him, or else we are all undone.
fornication, adultery, and all uncleanliness there.
for you. It is 'music with her silver sound,'
for this drivelling love is like a great natural,
for the which you are to do me both a present and a
for the name of king? To cabin: silence! trouble us not.
for the defence of a town, our general is excellent.
for that I insinuate, or toaze from thee thy
for ten year together, you'll be glad to give out a
for she hath privately twice or thrice a day, ever
for our own doth little advantage. If he be not
for me here to-day? much upon this time have
for him. Cotus!
for consulships?
for conscience sake, to help to get thee a wife.
for a day of kings' entreaties a mother should not
for a commodity of brown paper and old ginger,
for I was come to the whole depth of my tale; and
footboy or a gentleman's lackey.
foot, you shall see, as I have said, great
fool, and a coward, as you then reported him to be?
fob off our disgrace with a tale: but, an 't please
fly?
flowers o' the season
flesh and blood is not to be punished by him. Show
flayed already.
flattered the people, who ne'er loved them; and there
five marks, ready money: marry, then ginger was not
fitted for 't.
fish for she would not exchange flesh with one that
fire, or shall I complain on thee to our mistress,
fingers goes not with me.
finger and his thumb, as one would set up a top.
find when he comes home. But what talk I of this?
fidiused for all the chests in Corioli, and the gold
festival purses; and had not the old man come in
fellows in the world, an a man could light on them,
fellow. Has he any unbraided wares?
fellow partner.
feelingly now?
feeling of thy speech: I will, out of thine own
feel, will break the back of man, the heart of monster.
feel, to thy cold comfort, for being slow in thy hot office?
fear, the angle that plucks our son thither. Thou
favouring the first complaint; hasty and tinder-like
favour is well approved by your tongue. What's the
faults I have committed to your worship and to give
father; for the king's son took me by the hand, and
father died at Hallowmas: was't not at Hallowmas,
father brother; and then the prince my brother and
father and the gentlemen are in sad talk, and we'll
fardel will make him scratch his beard.
fantasticoes; these new tuners of accents! 'By Jesu,
fancies' pricked in't for a feather: a monster, a
false report of him.
false of heart that way; and that he knew, I warrant
fall to you upon this, more than thanks and good
fall enraged him, or how 'twas, he did so set his
faith. How does your little son?
fairly last night.
fairer face.
fair. The assault that Angelo hath made to you,
faces? Is there not milking-time, when you are
face be better than any man's, yet his leg excels
eyes; there was speech in their dumbness, language
eye or so, but not to the purpose. Signior
eye but such an eye would spy out such a quarrel?
extremity of the one, it must needs be.
extracting it clutch'd? What reply, ha? What
extended more than can be thought to begin from such a cottage.
extempore. The prince himself is about a piece of
expound the meaning or moral of his signs and tokens.
exercises than formerly he hath appeared.
executioner, who in his office lacks a helper: if
execution: you are condemned, our general has sworn
executed, and sleep afterwards.
excellent news of your husband.
every wink of an eye some new grace will be born:
every morning.
every lane's end, every shop, church, session,
ever and a day.
even then lost when it was found. But O, the noble
eternity and could put breath into his work, would
estimation of them; 'tis a condition they account
established against the rich, and provide more
especially to know himself.
envious a scholar, a statesman and a soldier.
entirely drunk. We have very oft awaked him, as if
enters the confines of a tavern claps me his sword
entering, that if any crave redress of injustice,
enforce them against him: we shall find this friar a
end of the ship, to see how the sea flap-dragoned
encounter such ridiculous subjects as you are. When
encounter Tybalt?
embraces his son-in-law; then again worries he his
embraced, as it were, from the ends of opposed
embassies; that they have seemed to be together,
eight. Will you pluck your sword out of his pitcher
ease:' O, an you will have me live, play 'Heart's ease.'
ears grew to his tunes.
ears ere it be out.
ears a fork'd one!
dying, I with things newborn. Here's a sight for
dull tribunes,
duke: you know the character, I doubt not; and the
duke: and I believe I know the cause of his
duke, I say to thee again, would eat mutton on
duke's time; he promised her marriage: his child
duke's officer. Prove this, thou wicked Hannibal, or
duke to be wise.
duke had crotchets in him. He would be drunk too;
due of a bawd, why, 'tis his right: bawd is he
drunk: but I'll swear it, and I would thou wouldst
drum struck up this afternoon: 'tis, as it were, a
draw as soon as another man, if I see occasion in a
drab I purchased this caparison, and my revenue is
down. They say this Angelo was not made by man and
down, king!
down, an a' were lustier than he is, and twenty such
down before their city Corioli; they nothing doubt
doubtless, and of antiquity too; bawd-born.
door, you would never dance again after a tabour and
done, let the law go whistle: I warrant you.
done, for thou hast more of the wild-goose in one of
doing much alone. You talk of pride: O that you
do't: I hold it the more knavery to conceal it;
do you think of the trade, Pompey? is it a lawful trade?
do you know me?
do it for some piece of money, and go through with
do his worst. For you, be that you are, long; and
disturbing the lords within.
distraction that they were to be known by garment,
distinctly billeted, already in the entertainment,
distant time stood, as it were, in a fruit-dish, a
disposition; and out of his noble carelessness lets
displeasure of the people is as bad as that which he
dismiss the controversy bleeding the more entangled
dislikes, to flatter them for their love.
dish of some three-pence; your honours have seen
disease our better mirth.
discover his government.
discords: here's my fiddlestick; here's that shall
direct answer. To-morrow morning are to die Claudio
difference betwixt our Bohemia and your Sicilia.
die a dry death.
didst thou not fall out with a tailor for wearing
did it to minister occasion to these gentlemen,
dial is now upon the prick of noon.
devotion than can render it him; and leaves
detects him: 'tis a blushing shamefast spirit that
despite of the flesh and the blood.
despair not.
desire to live.
desire to lay my bones there. Besides, the penitent
delivered the matter well, when I find the ass in
delivered him to his liberty or executed him? I
deliver you more. How goes it now, sir? this news
defender of them, and, in a violent popular
deceiving promises of life; which I by my good
deceiving father of a deceitful son.
deceived in Angelo! If ever he return and I can
death: you know the course is common. If any thing
death: do not satisfy your resolution with hopes
death, with the manner how she came to't bravely
dearer love.
day's journey.
day does night; it's spritely, waking, audible, and
daughters will be all gentlemen born.
daughter with clipping her; now he thanks the old
daughter of most rare note: the report of her is
daughter nor my sister; we are gone else. Sir, I
dares, being dared.
dangerous thing; and every man that means to live
dangerous courtesy.
danger where he was like to find fame. To a cruel
danced before the king; and not the worst of the
damned for killing him, from which no warrant can defend us.
cut off a woman's head.
customers. First, here's young Master Rash; he's in
customary gown.
custom-shrunk.
cushion, or to be entombed in an ass's pack-
cure of the thing you wot of, unless they kept very
cure of it not only saves your brother, but keeps
cuff was but to knock at your ear, and beseech
crutches ere he was born desire yet their life to
crooked face at it. I can't say your worships have
creeping thing.
creature in resemblance of the mother, the affection
crammed with grain; make edicts for usury, to
craft, being richer than innocency, stands for the facing.
cracking the stones of the foresaid prunes,--
cozen somebody in this city under my countenance.
courteous, and a kind, and a handsome, and, I
courted now with a double occasion, gold and a means
court-cupboard, look to the plate. Good thou, save
country, Sicilia, prithee speak no more; whose very
country than one voluptuously surfeit out of action.
counterfeitly; that is, sir, I will counterfeit the
counterfeit assurance: take you assurance of her,
countenance my mistress.
countenance her.
counsellor; if you can command these elements to
could turn your eyes toward the napes of your necks,
could have seen 't, the woe had been universal.
could have been to him and then your blood had been
corrupt her; only he hath made an essay of her
corner-stone?
cork into a hogshead. And then for the
cony-catched in this business: I dare swear this
controversy: as, for example, thou thyself art a
continued in it some time. You say, seven years together?
continue in his courses till thou knowest what they
continency; sparrows must not build in his
content to say it was for his country he did it to
constrains a man to bow in the hams.
constable. How long have you been in this place of constable?
constable, and my name is Elbow: I do lean upon
constable's wife any harm? I would know that of
conspectuities glean out of this character, if I be
considering the weather, a taller man than I will
considered, as too much I cannot, to be more
consent to die this day, that's certain.
conscience take it.
congealed ice; that I know to be true: and he is a
confirmed countenance. I saw him run after a gilded
confession, learn to begin thy health; but, whilst I
confessed and lamented by the king, how
conduit of many kings' reigns. I never heard of such
condition of a man!
compound with the major part of your syllables: and
composition with the King of Hungary, why then all
complaints, and to deliver us from devices
complaint they have to the king concerns him
complain of? Come me to what was done to her.
companions, is all ready, and all things neat?
comondy a Christmas gambold or a tumbling-trick?
common houses, I know no law: bring them away.
commission for more heads: if this law hold in
commanded out of the chamber; only this methought I
command at all hours.
comfort of your young prince Mamillius: it is a
comes, and again; catched it again; or whether his
comes there any more of it?
come to pass, say Pompey told you so.
come to my ward; for thence will not I to-day.
come something nearer.
come into any room in a tap-house, but I am drawn
come from Pisa, and is here at the door to speak with him.
come by him where he stands, by ones, by twos, and
combinate husband, this well-seeming Angelo.
combat that 'twixt joy and sorrow was fought in
colour; some swooned, all sorrowed: if all the world
clog at his heels: if I thought it were a piece of
clients: though you change your place, you need not
circumstance: that which you hear you'll swear you
church; take the priest, clerk, and some sufficient
church-door; but 'tis enough,'twill serve: ask for
child! look thee here; take up, take up, boy;
changes I perceived in the king and Camillo were
change your trade; I'll be your tapster still.
change this purpose,
change garments with this gentleman: though the
chance to fail, he hath sentenced himself.
chains: no hearing, no feeling, but my sir's song,
certainty to be the king's daughter. Did you see
certain that when he makes water his urine is
censured here in the city, I mean of us o' the
cause is, calling both the parties knaves. You are
cause between an orange wife and a fosset-seller;
cat, to scratch a man to death! a braggart, a
carries noise, and behind him he leaves tears:
care; so far that I have eyes under my service which
cardinally given, might have been accused in
capital? Tell me, for you seem to be honest plain
cap-a-pe; and one that will either push on or pluck
cannot, give thanks you have lived so long, and make
cannot tell how to term it.
cannot plead his estimation with you; he hath been a bawd.
cannot be spoken of. There might you have beheld one
cannot be able to express it.
can lick their fingers.
can do you little harm; you'll forswear this again.
called, my young lady asked for, the nurse cursed in
called me brother; and then the two kings called my
called before us. Away with her to prison! Go to;
call upon you.
call ladies.
cabins: you do assist the storm.
by your hearing: all the peace you make in their
by which means I saw whose purse was best in
by threes. He's to make his requests by
by the ears? make haste, lest mine be about your
by mine honour,
by law: I'll not budge an inch, boy: let him come,
by have some speech with you: the satisfaction I
by and by it will strike.
button, a duellist, a duellist; a gentleman of the
butterfly: and when he caught it, he let it go
but, I'll warrant him, as gentle as a lamb. Go thy
but yet I will be content to be a lawful hangman. I
but with all duteous love
but what mystery there should be in hanging, if I
but they think we are too dear: the leanness that
but that our wits are so diversely coloured: and
but that a wise burgher put in for them.
but my head and my neck. A fire good Curtis.
but looked big and spit at him, he'ld have run.
but in his clothes; and one that hath spoke most
but first let me tell ye, if ye should lead her into
but even now. Whoa, ho, hoa!
but I thought there was more in him than I could think.
but I shall follow it as the flesh and fortune shall
but I am not to say it is a sea, for it is now the
business, and I will merrily accompany you home.
business, I am therefore no courtier? I am courtier
business is performed, and remain, as he says, your
burthens of dildos and fadings, 'jump her and thump
burthen and how she longed to eat adders' heads and
burrows, like conies after rain, and revel all with
brother die by the law than my son should be
broken out within this hour that ballad-makers
broiled and eaten him too.
brisk awhile, and the longer liver take all.
bringings-forth, and he shall appear to the
brief in goodness; but grace, being the soul of
bridegroom wants
breaking out.
bread and garlic: say that I said so. Farewell.
brave Titus:
boy. Now bless thyself: thou mettest with things
boy, the next way home.
bowling, it will please plentifully.
bountiful to the desirers. Therefore, beseech you,
bound with oak. I tell thee, daughter, I sprang not
bots, swayed in the back and shoulder-shotten;
both your houses! 'Zounds, a dog, a rat, a mouse, a
both sides. Farewell: yet for the love I bear my
born to be hanged, our case is miserable.
bonneted, without any further deed to have them at
bones, their bones!
boldness of my cunning, I will lay myself in hazard.
blind bow-boy's butt-shaft: and is he a man to
bite my thumb, sir.
bill, give me thy mete-yard, and spare not me.
big enough; if it be too big for your thief, your
beyond credit,--
bewitchment of some popular man and give it
better determine.
bestraught: here's--
bestowed her on her own lamentation, which she yet
best sheep, which I fear the wolf will sooner find
best of 'em were hereditary hangmen. God-den to
besides, possessed with the glanders and like to mose
besides the king to effect your suits, here is man
beshrew them!
bencher in the Capitol.
belly, ere I should come by a fire to thaw me: but
being, as I am, littered under Mercury, was likewise
being well-advised.
being proud?
being great-bellied, and longing, as I said, for
being gracious, than they are in losing them when
being a tall fellow, trust me not. Hark! the kings
beholder, that knew no more but seeing, could not
behind-door-work: they were warmer that got this
behavior. We are not to stay all together, but to
behalf as you have uttered words in your own, you
beguile the old pantaloon.
beguile Nature of her custom, so perfectly he is her
beginning.
begged. I have your alms: adieu.
beggar. Then have we here young Dizy, and young
before to make a fire, and they are coming after to
been the finder out of this secret, it would not
been a rod to her friends; you have not indeed loved
beef: ne'er ask me what raiment I'll wear; for I
bed, give him promise of satisfaction. I will
bed, and warm thee.
because musicians have no gold for sounding:
bearing my port, 'celsa senis,' that we might
bear-herd, and now by present profession a tinker?
bear, yet he is oft led by the nose with gold: show
be-rhyme her; Dido a dowdy; Cleopatra a gipsy;
be this morning executed, and his head born to Angelo.
be not too rough for some that know little but
be many that they have loved, they know not
be his dole! He that runs fastest gets the ring.
be a tall fellow of thy hands.
be a reasonable man, grew so in love with the
be a ravisher, so it cannot be denied but peace is a
be a list of an English kersey as be piled, as thou
be I will call upon you anon, for some advantage to yourself.
bawdry, which is strange; with such delicate
battery. He sits in his state, as a thing made for
bastard children than war's a destroyer of men.
ballads; we'll buy the other things anon.
ballad against the hard hearts of maids: it was
bald-pated, lying rascal, you must be hooded, must
back thy business there: whereupon I command thee to
awhile with the maid: my mind promises with my
avouches the shepherd's son; who has not only his
avouch the justice of your dealing?
attentiveness wounded his daughter; till, from one
at that time, overfond of the shepherd's daughter,
at home; therefore leave us.
at home, he had lived.
at home that will not
at home for you.
assembly: whither should they come?
ascent is not by such easy degrees as those who,
as you are, against 'em: know you me yet?
as two and fifty horses: why, nothing comes amiss,
as the morality of imprisonment. What's thy
as pale as any clout in the versal world. Doth not
as it were, mean mischief and break a foul gap into
as good go a mile on his errand.
as fresh as when we were at Tunis at the marriage
as a drunken sleep; careless, reckless, and fearless
as Volscians. They are rising, they are rising.
as I was said to, Away!
as Claudio's, to cross this in the smallest.
art piled, for a French velvet. Do I speak
art full of error; I am sound.
art as honest a true fellow as any is in Bohemia.
arithmetic! Why the devil came you between us? I
are: but precise villains they are, that I am sure
are.
are to be smiled at, their offences being so
are they gone, and there they intend to sup.
are some brown, some black, some auburn, some bald,
are old men: tell me one thing that I shall ask you.
are many, or else your actions would grow wondrous
are hungry: if there be any of him left, I'll bury
are forgiven you, you're well to live. Gold! all gold!
are ever thrust to the wall: therefore I will push
are coming.
are chosen, they are glad to choose me for them; I
are ambitious for poor knaves' caps and legs: you
are amazed; but this shall absolutely resolve you.
aqua-vitae or some other hot infusion; then, raw as
approbation.
apples. But come; since this bar in law makes us
appearing what we are, have some question with the
apparel fits your thief.
ape: he so near to Hermione hath done Hermione that
anything that appears not foul in the truth of my spirit.
any, freely give unto you this young scholar,
any thing which professed to make him rejoice: a
any thing I want: offer me no money, I pray you;
any in Rome.
any in Italy, and as soon moved to be moody, and as
answer: thither with all greediness of affection
answer before him. If it be honest you have spoke,
another, his wife another; and, I think, there's one
another laced, an old rusty sword ta'en out of the
another encounter, which lames report to follow it
angled for mine eyes, caught the water though not
and, he returning to break our necks, they respect not us.
and, having flown over many knavish professions, he
and your sister. Angelo had never the purpose to
and wouldst adventure
and will speak more in a minute than he will stand
and will not--
and weighty.
and vengeance for't
and vengeance bitter; but those that are germane to
and undoes description to do it.
and to be on foot at an hour's warning.
and therein am I constant to my profession.
and then rejourn the controversy of three pence to a
and then have to't a fresh. Sweet Bianca! Happy man
and their consent of one direct way should be at
and the princes, our kindred, are going to see the
and the man in blood, they will out of their
and the bear mocked him, both roaring louder than
and sowl the porter of Rome gates by the ears: he
and so locks her in embracing, as if she would pin
and seen the spider.
and scatter'd,
and no more ado. Remember 'stoned,' and 'flayed alive.'
and my good friend Petruchio! How do you all at Verona?
and many other evidences proclaim her with all
and make him good friend to the people!
and make but an interior survey of your good selves!
and make a vassal of him.
and lost all my money?
and let the world slip: we shall ne'er be younger.
and let me desire to know how you find Claudio
and kneel for grace and mercy at my feet;
and kindly.
and is hanged betimes in the morning, may sleep the
and heir to Mars; set at upper end o' the table; no
and grant of the whole table. He'll go, he says,
and give out
and give it his son for an apple.
and drown? Have you a mind to sink?
and children are even now to be afresh lamented.
and blue list; an old hat and 'the humour of forty
and blood has not offended the king; and so your
and as mine honesty puts it to utterance.
and as I told you, my young lady bade me inquire you
and an express command, under penalty, to deliver
and already appearing in the blossoms of their fortune.
and admiring the nothing of it. So that in this
and a pair of sweet gloves.
and a heaven to throne in.
and a head-stall of sheeps leather which, being
and a dram dead; then recovered again with
and I will have more time to prepare me, or they
and Barnardine. Here is in our prison a common
an unshunned consequence; it must be so. Art going
an into their estimation and report: but he hath so
an he had stayed by him, I would not have been so
an egg for quarrelling: thou hast quarrelled with a
am undone! I am undone! while I play the good
am peppered, I warrant, for this world. A plague o'
always factionary on the party of your general.
also, to smell out work for the other senses. I see
all.
all,--we shall advise this wronged maid to stead up
all the rest from their functions: they put forth
all power from the people and to pluck from them
all my trumpery; not a counterfeit stone, not a
all men's; and for a hand, and a foot, and a body,
all foul ways! Was ever man so beaten? was ever
alike and none less dear than thine and my good
ailest thou, man?
ah, the immortal passado! the punto reverso! the
against us.
against me,
against it with my life.
again; and after it again; and over and over he
afternoon?
afternoon as she went to the garden for parsley to
after three-pence a bay: if you live to see this
afflicts us, the object of our misery, is as an
advisings: to the love I have in doing good a
advised him for the entertainment of death.
advantaged, and the corrupt deputy scaled. The maid
action outdone his former deeds doubly
action of slander too.
acre of barren ground, long heath, brown furze, any
acknowledge itself hereafter, it may compel him to
accuseth him; he cannot swear, but it cheques him;
accidentally to encounter you: you have ended my
access to thee.
accept his service.
aboard, tender your persons to his presence,
a-wooing, 'Priami,' is my man Tranio, 'regia,'
a very good blade! a very tall man! a very good
a tooth in her head, though she have as many diseases
a three-piled piece, I warrant thee: I had as lief
a thousand: he had some feeling of the sport: he
a snapper-up of unconsidered trifles. With die and
a puppet or an aglet-baby; or an old trot with ne'er
a puppet of her.
a pair of strange ones.
a more penitent trade than your bawd; he doth
a merciful man; good my lord.
a kinsman not past three quarters of a mile hence,
a great man, I'll warrant; I know by the picking
a good turn.
a fool's paradise, as they say, it were a very gross
a cudgel; and yet my mind gave me his clothes made a
a commonweal that do nothing but use their abuses in
a boot is here with this exchange! Sure the gods do
a bodkin's point.
Yourself, your queen, your son.
Yourself, assisted with your honour'd friends,
Yourself into a power tyrannical;
Yours, if you talk of tails: and so farewell.
Your worship is deceived; the gown is made
Your worship in that sense may call him 'man.'
Your worship had like to have given us one, if you
Your wonder: but yet speak; first, you, my liege,
Your wives shall welcome home the conquerors;
Your will be done: this must my comfort be,
Your wife, your son, these senators, the nobles;
Your widow-dolour likewise be unwept!
Your well defended honour, you must pardon
Your voices: for your voices I have fought;
Your voices therefore.' When we granted that,
Your very worshipful and loving friends,
Your valour puts well forth: pray, follow.
Your unknown sovereignty!
Your uncle York is join'd with Bolingbroke,
Your tributary drops belong to woe,
Your tongue, though but bastards and syllables
Your temples burned in their cement, and
Your tale, sir, would cure deafness.
Your suit's unprofitable; stand up, I say.
Your suffering in this dearth, you may as well
Your sued-for tongues?
Your sudden approbation.
Your stinking greasy caps in hooting at
Your state of fortune and your due of birth,
Your son, George Stanley: look your faith be firm.
Your son shall have my daughter with consent.
Your soldiers use him as the grace 'fore meat,
Your ships are stay'd at Venice, and the duke,
Your sense pursues not mine: either you are ignorant,
Your safety manifested.
Your sad tires in a mile-a.
Your royal ear abused. First, hath this woman
Your right of birth, your empery, your own.
Your right depends not on his life or death.
Your resolution cannot hold, when 'tis
Your reasons are too shallow and too quick.
Your queen and I are devils: yet go on;
Your purse is not hot enough to purchase your spice.
Your provost knows the place where he abides
Your princely father and my loving lord!
Your presence makes us rich, most noble lord.
Your precious self had then not cross'd the eyes
Your praises are too large: but that your youth,
Your plaintain-leaf is excellent for that.
Your plainness and your shortness please me well.
Your person most, that he would pawn his fortunes
Your partner, as I hear, must die to-morrow,
Your part in her you could not keep from death,
Your pardon, sir; for this
Your own is yours, and I am yours, and all.
Your own desert!
Your only choice.
Your oath, my lord, is vain and frivolous.
Your native town you enter'd like a post,
Your multiplying spawn how can he flatter--
Your mother.
Your mother well hath pray'd, and prove you true.
Your mother was most true to wedlock, prince;
Your mother lives a witness to that vow--
Your most sweet voices: now you have left
Your most obedient counsellor, yet that dare
Your most grave belly was deliberate,
Your mistress' name?
Your mind from feasting. Sooth, when I was young
Your mere enforcement shall acquittance me
Your maidenheads growing: O Proserpina,
Your loving motion toward the common body,
Your love says, like an honest gentleman, and a
Your love deserves my thanks; but my desert
Your looks are pale and wild, and do import
Your lives shall pay the forfeit of the peace.
Your liberties and the charters that you bear
Your legs did better service than your hands.
Your lecture shall have leisure for as much.
Your lady's love against some other maid
Your lady mother is coming to your chamber:
Your lack of love or bounty, you were straited
Your knees to them, not arms, must help. Alack,
Your knees to me? to your corrected son?
Your knee, sirrah.
Your king and Warwick's, and must have my will.
Your kindness better.
Your joys with like relation. Go together,
Your ignorant election; enforce his pride,
Your ignorance, which finds not till it feels,
Your husband, he is gone to save far off,
Your husband, being troubled with a shrew,
Your husband so much sweat. Cominius,
Your horse stands ready at the park-corner.
Your horror's pardon:
Your honour's players, heating your amendment,
Your honour with your form.
Your honour not o'erthrown by your desires,
Your honour hath no shriving work in hand.
Your honour and your goodness is so evident
Your highness told me I should post before.
Your highness to assign our trial day.
Your highness shall repose you at the Tower:
Your highness shall do well to grant her suit;
Your highness said even now, I made you a duke:
Your highness aims at, if I aim aright.
Your high displeasure: all this uttered
Your heaviest censure.
Your hearts of sorrow and your eyes of tears:
Your heart is full of something that does take
Your hand, my Perdita: so turtles pair,
Your guest, then, madam:
Your grant, or your denial, shall be mine:
Your gracious self, embrace but my direction:
Your gracious self to take on you the charge
Your grace, we think, should soonest know his mind.
Your grace's pardon, and I hope I had it.
Your grace mistakes; only to be brief
Your grace may do your pleasure.
Your grace hath still been famed for virtuous;
Your grace attended to their sugar'd words,
Your gates against my force. Yet, for I loved thee,
Your friends, sir; the hangman. You must be so
Your friends at Pomfret, they do need the priest;
Your friends are up, and buckle on their armour.
Your friar is now your prince: as I was then
Your franchises, whereon you stood, confined
Your followers I will whisper to the business,
Your first is dead; or 'twere as good he were,
Your fire-new stamp of honour is scarce current.
Your fellow tribune.
Your fellow Tranio here, to save my life,
Your father's image is so hit in you,
Your father's head, which Clifford placed there;
Your eyes drop millstones, when fools' eyes drop tears:
Your eyes do menace me: why look you pale?
Your eye hath too much youth in't: not a month
Your enigma?
Your enemies, with nodding of their plumes,
Your enemies and his find something in him.
Your discontenting father strive to qualify
Your differences shall all rest under gage
Your dicipline in war, wisdom in peace,
Your dangerous lenity. If you are learn'd,
Your crown content and you must be contented
Your country's fat shall pay your pains the hire;
Your company to the Capitol; where, I know,
Your colder reasons.
Your choice is not so rich in worth as beauty,
Your children's children quit it in your age.
Your children yet unborn and unbegot,
Your children were vexation to your youth,
Your changed complexions are to me a mirror
Your cares set up do not pluck my cares down.
Your care is gain of care, by new care won:
Your brows are blacker; yet black brows, they say,
Your brother's son shall never reign our king;
Your brother's death, I know, sits at your heart;
Your brother is to die.
Your brother is imprison'd by your means,
Your brother is a forfeit of the law,
Your brother dies to-morrow; be content.
Your brother and his lover have embraced:
Your brother Richard mark'd him for the grave:
Your bounty, virtue, fair humility:
Your blunt upbraidings and your bitter scoffs:
Your betters have endured me say my mind,
Your belly's answer? What!
Your bed-chamber.
Your beauty: which did haunt me in my sleep
Your beauty was the cause of that effect;
Your ancient, trusty, pleasant servant Grumio.
Your affairs there, what, with whom, the condition
Your aery buildeth in our aery's nest.
Your actions are my dreams;
Your Rome about your ears.
Your Coriolanus
Youngling, thou canst not love so dear as I.
Younger than she are happy mothers made.
Young, valiant, wise, and, no doubt, right royal,
Young son, it argues a distemper'd head
Young budding virgin, fair and fresh and sweet,
Young York he is but boot, because both they
Young Romeo is it?
Young Ned, for thee, thine uncles and myself
Young MARCIUS:
Young Edward lives: think now what I would say.
Young Adam Cupid, he that shot so trim,
You?
You, to remove that siege of grief from her,
You, the great toe of this assembly?
You, that are thus so tender o'er his follies,
You, that are king, though he do wear the crown,
You, sirrah, provide your block and your axe
You, my lords,
You, my good friends,'--this says the belly, mark me,--
You, gracious couple, do: and then I lost--
You, cousin Hereford, upon pain of life,
You're welcome: what's your will?
You're welcome, sir; and he, for your good sake.
You're liars all.
You're a made old man: if the sins of your youth
You'll think it strange if I should marry her.
You'll speak with Coriolanus.
You'll see your Rome embraced with fire before
You'll not endure him! God shall mend my soul!
You'll mar it if you kiss it, stain your own
You'll mar all:
You'll make a mutiny among my guests!
You'll leave his lecture when I am in tune?
You'll kiss me hard and speak to me as if
You'ld call your children yours.
You'd be so lean, that blasts of January
You wrong me, Signior Gremio: give me leave.
You would have thought the very windows spake,
You would have slipt like him; but he, like you,
You would have bid me argue like a father.
You would entreat me rather go than stay.
You would be another Penelope: yet, they say, all
You worthy tribunes,--
You woo'd me the false way.
You wish'd us parties, we'll deliver you
You will! why, happy man be's dole! My brother,
You will think you have made no offence, if the duke
You will set cock-a-hoop! you'll be the man!
You will not, then?
You will not pay for the glasses you have burst?
You will not own it.
You will not bail me, then, sir?
You will have Gremio to keep you fair.
You will demand of me why I do this?
You will be welcome with this intelligence, Nicanor.
You will be there, I know.
You will be schoolmaster
You whoreson villain! will you let it fall?
You were pretty lordings then?
You were not bid to speak.
You were kneel'd to and importuned otherwise
You were conducted to a gentle bath
You were a moveable.
You weary those that refresh us: pray, let's see
You use your manners discreetly in all kind of companies:
You urged me as a judge; but I had rather
You understand me?
You understand me: over and beside
You understand me, sir: so shall you stay
You told not how Henry the Sixth hath lost
You thus have publish'd me! Gentle my lord,
You thus employ'd, I will go root away
You that will follow me to this attempt,
You that will be less fearful than discreet,
You that love me and Warwick, follow me.
You that have been so tenderly officious
You that durst swear at your mistress Bianca
You that be noble; help him, young and old!
You tempt him over-much.
You taught me language; and my profit on't
You tallow-face!
You take my part from me, sir; I have the most cause
You take my lord, I'll give him my commission
You take it off again?
You straight are on your knees for pardon, pardon;
You speak too bitterly.
You speak o' the people,
You speak as if that I had slain my cousins.
You speak a language that I understand not:
You soothed not, therefore hurt not: but
You something know; yet I believe there comes
You so remain.
You smell this business with a sense as cold
You sleep in peace, the tyrant being slain;
You show too much of that
You shout me forth
You should not blemish it, if I stood by:
You should have ta'en the advantage of his choler
You should enjoy, were you this country's king,
You should account me the more virtuous that I have
You shames of Rome! you herd of--Boils and plagues
You shall.
You shall, my lord.
You shall not only take the sacrament
You shall not go: a lady's 'Verily' 's
You shall not choose but drink before you go:
You shall not be admitted to his sight.
You shall not be
You shall know now that I am in estimation; you shall
You shall hear more ere morning.
You shall have wine enough, my lord, anon.
You shall have none ill, sir; for I'll try if they
You shall have me assisting you in all.
You shall have letters from me to my son
You shall have aid.
You shall ha' it, worthy sir.
You shall go see your pupils presently.
You shall find me apt enough to that, sir, an you
You seem'd of late to make the law a tyrant;
You see how he intends to use the people.
You scarcely have the hearts to tell me so,
You scarce can right me throughly then to say
You say you do not know the lady's mind:
You say well.
You say that Edward is your brother's son:
You saw my master wink and laugh upon you?
You said that idle weeds are fast in growth
You said so much before, and yet you fled.
You rogue, I have been drinking all night; I am not
You put me off with limber vows; but I,
You promised, when you parted with the king,
You promised knighthood to our forward son:
You precious winners all; your exultation
You pluck a thousand dangers on your head,
You pity not the state, nor the remembrance
You peers, continue this united league:
You peasant swain! you whoreson malt-horse drudge!
You pay a great deal too dear for what's given freely.
You offer him, if this be so, a wrong
You never spoke what did become you less
You never shall, so help you truth and God!
You need not fear it, sir:
You must, sir, change persons with me, ere you make
You must, as we do, gratify this gentleman,
You must walk by us on our other hand;
You must to Pomfret, not unto the Tower.
You must think, if we give you any thing, we hope to
You must return and mend it.
You must report to the Volscian lords, how plainly
You must not speak of that: you must desire them
You must not enter.
You must lay down the treasures of your body
You must contrary me! marry, 'tis time.
You mistake, sir, you mistake, sir. Pray, what do
You might have spoken a thousand things that would
You might have heard it else proclaim'd about.
You might have been enough the man you are,
You mean, to bear me, not to bear with me:
You may, sir.
You may, I may not; you are yet unsworn.
You may say it, but not swear it.
You may partake of any thing we say:
You may not so extenuate his offence
You may not pass, you must return: our general
You may my glories and my state depose,
You may jest on, but, by the holy rood,
You may go walk, and give me leave a while:
You may go to the devil's dam: your gifts are so
You may deny that you were not the cause
You may be jogging whiles your boots are green;
You make strong party, or defend yourself
You make my bonds still greater.
You make a leg, and Bolingbroke says ay.
You love the breeder better than the male.
You lose a thousand well-disposed hearts
You lords and heads o' the state, perfidiously
You look as if you held a brow of much distraction
You logger-headed and unpolish'd grooms!
You live that shall cry woe for this after.
You lie.
You lie, in faith; for you are call'd plain Kate,
You left poor Henry at the Bishop's palace,
You know your father's temper: at this time
You know to-morrow is the wedding-day.
You know there wants no junkets at the feast.
You know the very road into his kindness,
You know the lady; she is fast my wife,
You know the cause, air, of my standing here.
You know neither me, yourselves nor any thing. You
You know me, do you not?
You know him not, sir.
You knew of his departure, as you know
You knew my father well, and in him me,
You kiss by the book.
You kill her double. Nay, present your hand:
You keep a constant temper.
You holy clergymen, is there no plot
You here shall swear upon this sword of justice,
You heedless joltheads and unmanner'd slaves!
You hear my spell is lawful: do not shun her
You have, my lord: would it might please your grace,
You have, I know, petition'd all the gods
You have won a happy victory to Rome;
You have undone a man of fourscore three,
You have tripp'd since.
You have told them home;
You have told me too many of him already, sir, if
You have taken it wiselier than I meant you should.
You have stood your limitation; and the tribunes
You have show'd a tender fatherly regard,
You have said you will not grant us any thing;
You have respected; stopp'd your ears against
You have received many wounds for your country.
You have put me now to such a part which never
You have paid the heavens your function, and the
You have paid home: but that you have vouchsafed,
You have often
You have of these pedlars, that have more in them
You have not dared to break the holy seal
You have not been inquired after:
You have no children, butchers! if you had,
You have no cause.
You have no cause to hold my friendship doubtful:
You have mistook, my lady,
You have misled a prince, a royal king,
You have made good work,
You have made fair work, I fear me.--Pray, your news?--
You have made fair work!
You have made
You have in manner with your sinful hours
You have holp to ravish your own daughters and
You have heard of my poor services, i' the love
You have fought together.
You have drawn oaths from him not to stay. You, sir,
You have done a brave deed. Ere you go, hear this:--
You have deserved nobly of your country, and you
You have but jested with me all this while:
You have brought
You have been factious one against the other,
You have been a scourge to her enemies, you have
You have a son, Aumerle, my noble cousin;
You have a father able to maintain you;
You have a daughter call'd Elizabeth,
You had only in your silent judgment tried it,
You had not show'd them how ye were disposed
You had not found me here so musical:
You had much ado to make his anchor hold:
You had more beard when I last saw you; but your
You had a bastard by Polixenes,
You guard like men; 'tis well: but, by your leave,
You grave but reckless senators, have you thus
You gods, look down
You find him like a soldier: do not take
You fight in justice: then, in God's name, lords,
You envy my advancement and my friends':
You do the nobler.
You do not purpose to him; and as hardly
You do him wrong, surely.
You do him injury to scorn his corse.
You do but lose your labour.
You do blaspheme the good in mocking me.
You do awake your faith. Then all stand still;
You did mistake.
You did continue fault and that you slipp'd not
You cry against the noble senate, who,
You cram these words into mine ears against
You common cry of curs! whose breath I hate
You cloudy princes and heart-sorrowing peers,
You chose her; then I'ld shriek, that even your ears
You cavil, widow: I did mean, my queen.
You cannot tent yourself: be gone, beseech you.
You cannot guess who caused your father's death.
You cannot guess wherefore the Welshman comes.
You break not sanctuary in seizing him.
You break no privilege nor charter there.
You break into some merry passion
You bless me, gods!
You bid me seek redemption of the devil:
You bid me make it orderly and well,
You being their mouths, why rule you not their teeth?
You are well met, sir. You denied to fight with me
You are welcome, sir.
You are welcome, gentlemen! come, musicians, play.
You are welcome all.
You are very sensible, and yet you miss my sense:
You are transported by calamity
You are too senseless--obstinate, my lord,
You are too hot.
You are too blunt: go to it orderly.
You are too absolute;
You are to blame, my lord, to rate her so.
You are the musty chaff; and you are smelt
You are the king King Edward hath deposed;
You are the fount that makes small brooks to flow:
You are still crossing it. Sirs, let't alone:
You are sent for to the senate:
You are sent for to the Capitol. 'Tis thought
You are pleasant, sir, and speak apace.
You are pardon'd, Isabel:
You are one of those
You are old enough now, and yet, methinks, you lose.
You are never without your tricks: you may, you may.
You are my father, for methinks in you
You are most welcome home.
You are married?
You are looked for and called for, asked for and
You are like to have a thin and slender pittance.
You are like to do such business.
You are i' the right, sir: 'tis for my mistress.
You are gentlemen of brave metal; you would lift
You are deceived, your brother Gloucester hates you.
You are come to Sandal in a happy hour;
You are at point to lose your liberties:
You are all resolved rather to die than to famish?
You are abused and by some putter-on
You are a saucy boy: is't so, indeed?
You are a lover; borrow Cupid's wings,
You are a Roman, are you?
You and your crafts! you have crafted fair!
You and your apron-men; you that stood so up much
You adopt your policy, how is it less or worse,
You Edward, shall unto my Lord Cobham,
You Capulet; shall go along with me:
York cannot speak, unless he wear a crown.
York and young Rutland could not satisfy.
Yonder's the head of that arch-enemy
Yonder man is carried to prison.
Yonder comes news. A wager they have met.
Yond crickets shall not hear it.
Yon light is not day-light, I know it, I:
Yields us kind answer.
Yielded the town: he is retired to Antium.
Yield, Marcius, yield!
Yield to our mercy, proud Plantagenet.
Yield stinging nettles to mine enemies;
Yield not thy neck
Yet,--
Yet,--
Yet, were there but this single plot to lose,
Yet, to have join'd with France in such alliance
Yet, since it is but green, it should be put
Yet, know thou, since we have begun to strike,
Yet, in protection of their tender ones,
Yet, if my lord will marry,--if you will, sir,
Yet, gracious madam, bear it as you may:
Yet, for a greater confirmation,
Yet, ere thou go, but answer me one doubt,
Yet, as we may, we'll meet both thee and Warwick.
Yet, as they are, here are they come to meet you.
Yet, Warwick, in despite of all mischance,
Yet, Marcius, that was much. Your hand: most welcome!
Yet, Derby, notwithstanding she's your wife,
Yet your good will
Yet you are wither'd.
Yet would you say ye were beaten out of door;
Yet witness what you hear we did intend:
Yet who's so blind, but says he sees it not?
Yet whether you accept our suit or no,
Yet to draw forth your noble ancestry
Yet to beat down these rebels here at home.
Yet thus far fortune maketh us amends,
Yet this good comfort bring I to your grace,
Yet that, by you deposed, you quake like rebels?
Yet that thy brazen gates of heaven may ope,
Yet tell me not, for I have heard it all.
Yet standing in rich place, I multiply
Yet so much is my poverty of spirit,
Yet show some pity.
Yet shall you have all kindness at my hand
Yet see no shelter to avoid the storm;
Yet read the gamut of Hortensio.
Yet put it out, for I would not be seen.
Yet parted but the shadow with his hand.
Yet one word more: grief boundeth where it falls,
Yet one time he did call me by my name:
Yet one thing more, good Blunt, before thou go'st,
Yet oftentimes he goes but mean-apparell'd.
Yet of your royal presence I'll adventure
Yet not so wealthy as an English yeoman.
Yet not so deeply as to thee belongs,
Yet none of you would once plead for his life.
Yet never means to wed where he hath woo'd.
Yet neither conqueror nor conquered:
Yet nature's tears are reason's merriment.
Yet nature might have made me as these are,
Yet nature is made better by no mean
Yet most suspected, as the time and place
Yet may he live awhile; and, it may be,
Yet looks he like a king: behold, his eye,
Yet look to have them buzz to offend thine ears.
Yet lives our pilot still. Is't meet that he
Yet let us all together to our troops,
Yet let me weep for such a feeling loss.
Yet know, my master, God omnipotent,
Yet in this one thing let me blame your grace,
Yet if thy thoughts, Bianca, be so humble
Yet here Prince Edward stands, King Henry's son.
Yet heavens are just, and time suppresseth wrongs.
Yet he would be king on't.
Yet he shall have a noble memory. Assist.
Yet he is come.
Yet hath he in him such a mind of honour.
Yet hasty marriage seldom proveth well.
Yet had not we determined he should die,
Yet give leave, my lord,
Yet from my dugs he drew not this deceit.
Yet for this once, yea, superstitiously,
Yet extreme gusts will blow out fire and all:
Yet execute thy wrath in me alone,
Yet did repent me, after more advice;
Yet can I not of such tame patience boast
Yet camest thou to a morsel of this feast,
Yet blessing on his heart that gives it me!
Yet best beseeming me to speak the truth.
Yet ask.
Yet art thou slain in him: thou dost consent
Yet are they passing cowardly. But, I beseech you,
Yet am I sick for fear: speak it again;
Yet am I arm'd against the worst can happen;
Yet again! what do you here? Shall we give o'er
Yet I wish, sir,--
Yet I should kill thee with much cherishing.
Yet I have faced it with a card of ten.
Yet I confess that often ere this day,
Yet I can make my audit up, that all
Yet Edward at the least is Duke of York.
Yet 'banished'? Hang up philosophy!
Yes; keep you warm.
Yes; if there were no other excuse why they should
Yes; I do think that you might pardon him,
Yes. Has he affections in him,
Yes, worthy sir,
Yes, truly; I speak not as desiring more;
Yes, that thou hast, whether thou art tainted or free.
Yes, one place else, if you will hear me name it.
Yes, my good lord,
Yes, mercy, if you report him truly.
Yes, marry, did I but I was fain to forswear it;
Yes, madam: yet I cannot choose but laugh,
Yes, in good sooth, the vice is of a great kindred;
Yes, if you will, my lord.
Yes, he would give't thee, from this rank offence,
Yes, faith, sir.
Yes, faith, and all his lords; the Duke of Milan
Yes, certain, there's a letter for you; I saw't.
Yes, by Saint Anne, do I. A good matter, surely:
Yes, brother, you may live:
Yes, better, sir.
Yes, as I love the woman that wrong'd him.
Yes, an't please you, sir.
Yes, Warwick, I remember it to my grief;
Yes, Warwick, Edward dares, and leads the way.
Yes, I know thee to be Signior Lucentio.
Yes, I agree, and thank you for your motion.
Yes, I accept her, for she well deserves it;
Yes, Caliban her son.
Yea.
Yea, scandalous to the world.
Yea, say you so?
Yea, noise? then I'll be brief. O happy dagger!
Yea, my lord. How brooks your grace the air,
Yea, my good lord.
Yea, look'st thou pale? let me see the writing.
Yea, leave that labour to great Hercules;
Yea, is the worst well? very well took, i' faith;
Yea, his dread trident shake.
Yea, distaff-women manage rusty bills
Yea, but not change his spots: take but my shame.
Yea, brother of Clarence, are thou here too?
Yea, brother Richard, are you offended too?
Yea, at all points; and longs to enter in.
Yea, are you so brief?
Yea, and to marry her, if her dowry please.
Yea, and perhaps with more successful words
Yea, and much more: but I was born so high,
Yea, and much better blood than his or thine.
Yea, and forswore himself,--which Jesu pardon!--
Yea, all my raiment, to my petticoat;
Yea, Richard, when I know; for I protest
Yea even my foes will shed fast-falling tears,
Ye're long about it.
Ye shall, my Lord.
Ye see, I drink the water of mine eyes.
Ye say honestly: rest you merry!
Ye re goodly things, you voices!
Ye favourites of a king: are we not high?
Ye cannot reason almost with a man
Ye are a baggage: the Slys are no rogues; look in
YORK:
YORK:
YORK:
YORK:
YORK:
YORK:
YORK:
YORK:
YORK:
YORK:
YORK:
YORK:
YORK:
YORK:
YORK:
YORK:
YORK:
YORK:
YORK:
YORK:
YORK:
YORK:
YORK:
YORK:
YORK:
YORK:
YORK:
YORK:
YORK:
YORK:
YORK:
YORK:
YORK:
YORK:
YORK:
YORK:
YORK:
YORK:
YORK:
YORK:
YORK:
YORK:
YORK:
YORK:
YORK:
YORK:
YORK:
YORK:
YORK:
YORK:
YORK:
YORK:
YORK:
YORK:
YORK:
YORK:
YORK:
YORK:
Wrong not her birth, she is of royal blood.
Wrong hath but wrong, and blame the due of blame.
Write up his title with usurping blood.
Write sorrow on the bosom of the earth,
Write in the dust this sentence with thy blood,
Writ in remembrance more than things long past:
Wretches so quake: they kneel, they kiss the earth;
Wrench up thy power to the highest.
Wrench awe from fools and tie the wiser souls
Wrecked the same instant of their master's death and
Wrath-kindled gentlemen, be ruled by me;
Wrath makes him deaf: speak thou, Northumberland.
Wrapp'd in sweet clothes, rings put upon his fingers,
Wouldst thou withdraw it? for what purpose, love?
Wouldst thou have laugh'd had I come coffin'd home,
Wouldst have me weep? why, now thou hast thy will:
Would, with themselves, shut up my thoughts: I find
Would you proceed especially against Caius Marcius?
Would you not deem it breathed? and that those veins
Would you imagine, or almost believe,
Would you have been so brief with him, he would
Would you enforce me to a world of care?
Would without lapsing suffer: nay, sometimes,
Would use his heaven for thunder;
Would thus have wrought you,--for the stone is mine--
Would through the airy region stream so bright
Would think upon you for your voices and
Would they were basilisks, to strike thee dead!
Would they make peace? terrible hell make war
Would they else be content to die?
Would the nobility lay aside their ruth,
Would tempt unto a close exploit of death?
Would sing her song and dance her turn; now here,
Would she begin a sect, might quench the zeal
Would seem in me to affect speech and discourse;
Would seem but modest: therefore, I beseech you
Would say your head and butt were head and horn.
Would not this ill do well? Well, well, I see
Would not the beggar then forget himself?
Would not infect his reason?
Would not have touch'd, would not have stain'd with blood:
Would not have been so stern.
Would not entreat for life?
Would none but I might venge my cousin's death!
Would more have strengthen'd this our commonwealth
Would long ere this have met us on the way
Would it were mortal poison, for thy sake!
Would it not shame thee in so fair a troop
Would he were wasted, marrow, bones and all,
Would he were here, my lord! for he indeed
Would he not stumble? would he not fall down,
Would he do so, I'ld beg your precious mistress,
Would have shed water out of fire ere done't:
Would have him wed again.
Would hang themselves. Physic for't there is none;
Would feed on one another? What's their seeking?
Would fain have come with me to meet your grace,
Would buy this for a lie!
Would bring white hairs unto a quiet grave.
Would blow you through and through.
Would be your country's pleader, your good tongue,
Would be unparallel'd.
Would be her lord? or shall I say, her uncle?
Would be find up, my brother, with our thanks;
Would bark your honour from that trunk you bear,
Would all were well! but that will never be
Would all themselves laugh mortal.
Would all the world but he had quite forsworn!
Would Katharina had never seen him though!
Would I were sleep and peace, so sweet to rest!
Would I were dead, but that, methinks, already--
Would I were dead! if God's good will were so;
Would I not have; but nature should bring forth,
Would I might
Would I had been by, to have helped the old man!
Would I be guilty of so deep a sin.
Would I admit; no name of magistrate;
Would God that any in this noble presence
Wotting no more than I, are ignorant.
Worthy voices!
Worthy tribunes,
Worthy sir, thou bleed'st;
Worthy man!
Worthy his goodness. What might I have been,
Worthy enough a herdsman: yea, him too,
Worthy Sebastian? O, what might?--No more:--
Worthy Menenius Agrippa; one that hath always loved
Worthy Cominius, speak.
Worthy Camillo,
Worth six on him.
Worst in this royal presence may I speak,
Worse than tears drown: beseech you all, my lords,
Worse than a theft, no less than a traducement,
Worse than a promise-breaker.
Worse and worse; she will not come! O vile,
Work you then.
Words, life and all, old Lancaster hath spent.
Words against me? this is a good friar, belike!
Wooing poor craftsmen with the craft of smiles
Wondrous! ay, I warrant you, and not without his
Women! Help Heaven! men their creation mar
Women will love her, that she is a woman
Women may fall, when there's no strength in men.
Women are soft, mild, pitiful and flexible;
Women are made to bear, and so are you.
Women and children of so high a courage,
Woe, woe for England! not a whit for me;
Woe's scene, world's shame, grave's due by life usurp'd,
Woe to the land that's govern'd by a child!
Woe the while!
Woe me! for what?
Woe above woe! grief more than common grief!
Witty, courteous, liberal, full of spirit.
Witnessing storms to come, woe and unrest:
Witness the loving kiss I give the fruit.
Witness my son, now in the shade of death;
Without that title. Romeo, doff thy name,
Without sweat or endeavour: treason, felony,
Without suspicion.
Without ripe moving to't? Would I do this?
Without or grudge or grumblings: thou didst promise
Without more overture.
Without more mercy, to its own protection
Without his roe, like a dried herring: flesh, flesh,
Without her, follows to this land and me,
Without her love; for her employ them all;
Without control, listed to make his prey.
Without assistance.
Without a sudden calm, will overset
Without a parallel; those being all my study,
Without a burthen: time as long again
Within your house, to make mine eye the witness
Within whose circuit is Elysium
Within two hours.
Within thy help and holy physic lies:
Within three hours will fair Juliet wake:
Within this mile and half.
Within this hour my man shall be with thee
Within this hour bring me word 'tis done,
Within thine eyes sat twenty thousand deaths,
Within these three hours, Tullus,
Within their innocent alabaster arms:
Within the limits of yon lime and stone:
Within the infant rind of this small flower
Within the guilty closure of thy walls
Within the earth; and, therein laid,--there lies
Within rich Pisa walls, as any one
Within my mouth you have engaol'd my tongue,
Within my age. But reason with the fellow,
Within me grief hath kept a tedious fast;
Within Corioli gates: where he hath won,
Withhold revenge, dear God! 'tis not my fault,
Wither one rose, and let the other flourish;
Withdraw, my lord; I'll help you to a horse.
Withdraw yourselves.
Withdraw yourselves, and leave us here alone.
Withdraw you hence, my lord, I'll follow you.
Withdraw with us: and let the trumpets sound
Withdraw thee, wretched Margaret: who comes here?
Withal, what I have been, and what I am.
Withal obdurate, do not hear him plead;
Withal I did infer your lineaments,
With your crown'd brother and these your contracted
With worms that are thy chamber-maids; O, here
With words that made them known. But thy vile race,
With words of sooth! O that I were as great
With wisdom I might fear, my Doricles,
With wine and feeding, we have suppler souls
With whom the Kentishmen will willingly rise:
With whom my soul is any jot at odds
With whom an upright zeal to right prevails
With whom I am accused, I do confess
With whispering and most guilty diligence,
With what's unreal thou coactive art,
With what thou else call'st thine. If thou refuse
With what his valour did enrich his wit,
With what he would say, let him feel your sword,
With what encounter so uncurrent I
With what contempt he wore the humble weed,
With what a sharp-provided wit he reasons!
With wealth enough and young and beauteous,
With violent hefts. I have drunk,
With variable complexions, all agreeing
With us to break his neck.
With unrestrained loose companions,
With twenty hundred thousand times more joy
With trembling wings misdoubteth every bush;
With too much urging your pernicious lives,
With too much riches it confound itself:
With thy embracements to my wife's allies,
With thy black mantle; till strange love, grown bold,
With thousands of these quarter'd slaves, as high
With thoughts so qualified as your charities
With those that have but little: this must be patch'd
With those that I saw suffer: a brave vessel,
With those gross taunts I often have endured.
With this, we charged again: but, out, alas!
With this, my lord, myself have nought to do.
With this young prince.
With this night's revels and expire the term
With this my son, Prince Edward, Henry's heir,
With this dead-killing news!
With these forced thoughts, I prithee, darken not
With them, the two brave bears, Warwick and Montague,
With them he enters; who, upon the sudden,
With them forgive yourself.
With them Sir Thomas Vaughan, prisoners.
With their refusal, both observe and answer
With thee awhile: determine on some course,
With the sweet silent hours of marriage joys
With the least cause these his new honours, which
With the consent of supreme Jove, inform
With the attainder of his slanderous lips.
With that, methoughts, a legion of foul fiends
With that which, but by being so retired,
With that she's big with; for 'tis Polixenes
With that grim ferryman which poets write of,
With that dear blood which it hath fostered;
With tender Juliet match'd, is now not fair.
With tears drawn from her eyes by your foul wrongs.
With tears augmenting the fresh morning dew.
With tearful eyes add water to the sea
With such deep contempt made I him king for this?
With such austerity as 'longeth to a father.
With such a kind of love as might become
With stronger blood, we should have answer'd heaven
With striving less to be so; lesser had been
With stately triumphs, mirthful comic shows,
With spur we beat an acre. But to the goal:
With speedy help doth lend redress.'
With some men else, who think themselves as safe
With some few private friends upon this coast.
With some few bands of chosen soldiers,
With solemn reverence: throw away respect,
With soft low tongue and lowly courtesy,
With smiling plenty and fair prosperous days!
With slow but stately pace kept on his course,
With sleight and manhood stole to Rhesus' tents,
With six Aufidiuses, or more, his tribe,
With signs of war about his aged neck:
With shunless destiny; aidless came off,
With scruples and do set the word itself
With saints dost bait thy hook! Most dangerous
With rival-hating envy, set on you
With rigorous hands: he hath resisted law,
With reverend fathers and well-learned bishops.
With resolution, wheresoe'er I meet thee--
With repetition of my Romeo's name.
With reeky shanks and yellow chapless skulls;
With raven's feather from unwholesome fen
With ransom of such shame. Would yet he had lived!
With purple fountains issuing from your veins,
With purple falchion, painted to the hilt
With promise of his sister, and what else,
With promise of high pay and great rewards:
With profits of the mind, study and fast.
With precepts that would make invincible
With powerful policy strengthen themselves,
With politic grave counsel; then the king
With piercing steel at bold Mercutio's breast,
With pay and thanks, and let's away to London
With patience, noble lord, as prisoners must:
With painted imagery had said at once
With our own charge, making a treaty where
With other muniments and petty helps
With open outcry toward our monument.
With only suffering stain by him; for him
With one that wants her wits?
With one soft kiss a thousand furlongs ere
With one consent to have her so bestow'd;
With one 'We thank you' many thousands moe
With old odd ends stolen out of holy writ;
With old Menenius, and those senators
With oily painting. Shall I draw the curtain?
With oath kept waking and with brawling fed:
With nothing trembles: at some thing it grieves,
With nothing shall be pleased, till he be eased
With no less terror than the elements
With no less honour to the Antiates
With nimble soles: I have a soul of lead
With much ado at length have gotten leave
With more of thine: this love that thou hast shown
With modest warrant.
With mine own tongue deny my sacred state,
With mine own tears I wash away my balm,
With mine own hands I give away my crown,
With mine own breath release all duty's rites:
With many more confederates, are in arms.
With many heads butts me away. Nay, mother,
With manacles thorough our streets, or else
With maids to seem the lapwing and to jest,
With love's light wings did I o'er-perch these walls;
With lies well steel'd with weighty arguments;
With letters of your love to her at large.
With less respect than we do minister
With labour and the thing she took to quench it,
With its sweet air: thence I have follow'd it,
With instruments upon them, fit to open
With inky blots and rotten parchment bonds:
With humble and familiar courtesy,
With honours like himself.
With honour, as in war, since that to both
With his unkindness? say't be so?
With his mail'd hand then wiping, forth he goes,
With his good will and thy good company,
With her whom here I cannot hold on shore;
With her companion grief must end her life.
With heigh! with heigh! the thrush and the jay,
With heigh! the sweet birds, O, how they sing!
With heigh! the doxy over the dale,
With hearts more proof than shields. Advance,
With heads, and not with hands; those whom you curse
With hate in those where I expect most love!
With hasty Germans and blunt Hollanders,
With harsh resounding trumpets' dreadful bray,
With hard bright steel and hearts harder than steel.
With hair up-staring,--then like reeds, not hair,--
With grief that's beauty's canker, thou mightst call him
With great creating nature.
With good old folks and let them tell thee tales
With giving him glory.
With gentle conference, soft and affable.
With gentle breath, calm look, knees humbly bow'd,
With fury from his native residence.
With flowers of winter.
With flight and agued fear! Mend and charge home,
With fiery eyes sparkling for very wrath,
With fame, a name to Caius Marcius; these
With eyes wide open; standing, speaking, moving,
With every minute you do change a mind,
With eight tall ships, three thousand men of war,
With eager feeding food doth choke the feeder:
With dull unwilligness to repay a debt
With downright payment, show'd unto my father.
With divers deaths in death.
With daily prayers all to that effect.
With customary compliment; when he,
With curses in her mouth, tears in her eyes,
With cozening hope: he is a flatterer,
With colours fairer painted their foul ends.
With cloth of any colour.
With clog of conscience and sour melancholy
With child, perhaps?
With character too gross is writ on Juliet.
With cautelous baits and practise.
With bootless labour swim against the tide
With bloody passage led your wars even to
With blood removed but little from her own?
With best advantage will deceive the time,
With being nothing. Music do I hear?
With bats and clubs? The matter? speak, I pray you.
With baleful weeds and precious-juiced flowers.
With bag and baggage: many thousand on's
With as big heart as thou. Do as thou list
With any scruple; your scope is as mine own
With any but with us.
With an eye of green in't.
With an aspect more favourable. Good my lords,
With all your just proceedings in this cause.
With all their powerful friends, are fled to him.
With all the rest of that consorted crew,
With all the nearest things to my heart, as well
With all the honours on my brother: whereon,
With all the gracious utterance thou hast
With all the friends that thou, brave Earl of March,
With all the effect of love.
With all the applause and clamour of the host,
With all the admired beauties of Verona:
With all swift speed you must away to France.
With all prerogative: hence his ambition growing--
With all our harts.
With all my heart; and much it joys me too,
With all my heart. This fellow I remember,
With all my heart
With all his trim belonging; and from this time,
With all her double vigour, art and nature,
With all good speed at Plashy visit me.
With aid of soldiers to this needful war.
With age and altering rheums? can he speak? hear?
With accusations, as I hear, more strong
With a sweet fellow to't?
With a swain's wearing, and me, poor lowly maid,
With a proud heart he wore his humble weeds.
With a nuptial knot, if thou vouchsafe to grant
With a light heart; trust not my holy order,
With a foul traitor's name stuff I thy throat;
With Tybalt's slander,--Tybalt, that an hour
With Rosaline, my ghostly father? no;
With Romeo, till I behold him--dead--
With Rivers, Vaughan, Grey: and so 'twill do
With Lady Margery, your midwife there,
With Cupid's arrow; she hath Dian's wit;
With Clifford and the haught Northumberland,
With Cain go wander through shades of night,
With Angelo to-night shall lie
With 'Thanks, my countrymen, my loving friends;'
Wishing his foot were equal with his eye,
Wish we all joy and honour.
Wisely and slow; they stumble that run fast.
Wise! why, no question but he was.
Wipe off the dust that hides our sceptre's gilt
Wine, wine, wine! What service
Windy attorneys to their client woes,
Win upon power and throw forth greater themes
Wilt thou, O God, fly from such gentle lambs,
Wilt thou provoke me? then have at thee, boy!
Wilt thou not, Jule?' it stinted and said 'Ay.'
Wilt thou not, Jule?' and, by my holidame,
Wilt thou not hide the trespass of thine own?
Wilt thou have music? hark! Apollo plays,
Wilt thou conceal this dark conspiracy?
Wilt thou be made a man out of my vice?
Wilt thou be gone? it is not yet near day:
William Lord Hastings had pronounced your part,--
Will't please your mightiness to wash your hands?
Will't please your lordship drink a cup of sack?
Will't please your honour taste of these conserves?
Will't please you walk aside?
Will't not off?
Will you we show our title to the crown?
Will you undo yourselves?
Will you tell me that?
Will you take eggs for money?
Will you swear
Will you speak well of him that kill'd your cousin?
Will you permit that I shall stand condemn'd
Will you not push her out? Give her the bastard.
Will you go to them? I will bring you thither.
Will you go along with us?
Will you give thanks, sweet Kate; or else shall I?
Will you buy any tape,
Will you be ready? do you like this haste?
Will you be put in mind of his blind fortune,
Will you be gone?
Will wing me to some wither'd bough and there
Will well become the seat of majesty,
Will watch thy waking, and that very night
Will vouch the truth of it. Him I accuse
Will undertake to woo curst Katharina,
Will touch us all too near, if God prevent not.
Will to your mother, to entreat of her
Will thither straight, for willingness rids way;
Will they not hear? What, ho! you men, you beasts,
Will thereto be obedient, I have reason;
Will then cry out of Marcius 'O if he
Will the time serve to tell? I do not think.
Will the king come, that I may breathe my last
Will take again your queen as yours at first,
Will soon recover his accustom'd health.
Will so your accusation overweigh,
Will serve the turn.
Will scare the herd, and so my shoot is lost.
Will raise us all.
Will rain hot vengeance on offenders' heads.
Will prove too bloody, and the end of it
Will prove as bitter, black, and tragical.
Will piece up in himself.
Will or exceed the common or be caught
Will now deny to dance? she that makes dainty,
Will not you go?
Will not the mayor then and his brethren come?
Will not so graceless be to be ingrate.
Will not proclaim against her maiden loss,
Will not have earth to know.
Will not King Richard let me speak with him?
Will no more hear from thence.
Will never do him good, not one of you.
Will ne'er wear out the everlasting flint:
Will maintain it with some little cost.
Will keep a league till death. Hie thee to France
Will it not be?
Will issue out again and bid us battle:
Will hiss me to my grave: contempt and clamour
Will he woo her? ay, or I'll hang her.
Will he endure your sight as yet, I fear:
Will have your tongue too. This is a creature,
Will have fulfill'd their secret purposes;
Will guard your person while you take your rest,
Will greet us here anon, my gentle Varrius.
Will follow mine, if once they see them spread;
Will ever after droop. Here cease more questions:
Will deign to sip or touch one drop of it.
Will cry it o'er again: it is a hint
Will cost my crown, and like an empty eagle
Will come on very slowly. I am sorry,
Will clear or end the business: when the oracle,
Will but remember me what a deal of world
Will but amount to five and twenty thousand,
Will bring me to consider that which may
Will bear up with this exercise, so long
Will bear the knave by the volume. The honour'd gods
Will be my knell. Go, play, boy, play.
Will be as rash in the repeal, as hasty
Will apprehend you as his enemy.
Will answer in mine honour.
Will I withal endow a child of thine;
Will I set up my everlasting rest,
Will I make good against thee, arm to arm,
Will I live?
Will I lend ear to. Ha! what shout is this?
Will I apply that treats of happiness
Wife, mother, child, I know not. My affairs
Wife, love Lord Hastings, let him kiss your hand;
Wife, go you to her ere you go to bed;
Wife to thy Edward, to thy slaughter'd son,
Widow:
Widow:
Widow:
Widow:
Widow:
Widow:
Widow:
Widow:
Widow, we will consider of your suit;
Widow, go you along. Lords, use her honourably.
Widow! a pox o' that! How came that widow in?
Why? For filling a bottle with a tundish. I would
Why?
Why, you are nothing then: neither maid, widow, nor wife?
Why, when, I say? Nay, good sweet Kate, be merry.
Why, what, i' devil's name, tailor, call'st thou this?
Why, what's a moveable?
Why, what wouldst thou do there before I go?
Why, what should you fear?
Why, what of that?
Why, what need we
Why, what is pomp, rule, reign, but earth and dust?
Why, what is it, my lord?
Why, what is Tybalt?
Why, what a ruthless thing is this in him, for the
Why, what a peevish fool was that of Crete,
Why, very well; I telling you then, if you be
Why, very well; I hope here be truths. He, sir,
Why, very well, then; I hope here be truths.
Why, very well, then,--
Why, uncle, what's the matter?
Why, uncle, 'tis a shame.
Why, true; he means to make a puppet of thee.
Why, thou unreverend and unhallow'd friar,
Why, thou say'st true; it is a paltry cap,
Why, this's a heavy chance 'twixt him and you,
Why, this was moulded on a porringer;
Why, this was known before.
Why, this it is, when men are ruled by women:
Why, this is a passing merry one and goes to
Why, they stay at door, sir.
Why, therefore fire; for I have caught extreme cold.
Why, therefore Warwick came to seek you out;
Why, there's a wench! Come on, and kiss me, Kate.
Why, there thou hast it: two deep enemies,
Why, then, thy husband's lands I freely give thee.
Why, then, though loath, yet must I be content:
Why, then, the champions are prepared, and stay
Why, then, let's on our way in silent sort:
Why, then, give way, dull clouds, to my quick curses!
Why, then, O brawling love! O loving hate!
Why, then, I will. Farewell, old Gaunt.
Why, then, I do but dream on sovereignty;
Why, then you should discover a brace of unmeriting,
Why, then you mean not as I thought you did.
Why, then we shall have a stirring world again.
Why, then thou shalt not have thy husband's lands.
Why, then thou canst not break her to the lute?
Why, then thou art an executioner.
Why, then they are not dead:
Why, then the world and all that's in't is nothing;
Why, then the maid is mine from all the world,
Why, then resolve me whether you will or no.
Why, then mine honesty shall be my dower;
Why, then let's home again. Come, sirrah, let's away.
Why, then is my pump well flowered.
Why, then he will say we stabbed him sleeping.
Why, then he is alive.
Why, then comes in the sweet o' the year;
Why, then I would not fly. Ah, Montague,
Why, then I will do what your grace commands.
Why, then All-Souls' day is my body's doomsday.
Why, then 'tis time to arm and give direction.
Why, that's my fortune too; therefore I'll stay.
Why, that's my bawcock. What, hast
Why, that's all one.
Why, that was when
Why, that was he.
Why, that is spoken like a toward prince.
Why, that is nothing: for I tell you, father,
Why, tell me, is not this my Cambio?
Why, such is love's transgression.
Why, so: you have made good work!
Why, so: now have I done a good day's work:
Why, so! then am I sure of victory.
Why, so you are, my thrice renowned liege.
Why, so he doth, now he delivers thee
Why, so he did, I am sure.
Why, so hath this, both by the father and mother.
Why, so I did; but look'd for no reply.
Why, so I am, in mind; and that's enough.
Why, sir?
Why, sir, you know this is your wedding-day:
Why, sir, you know no house nor no such maid,
Why, sir, what's your conceit in that?
Why, sir, he comes not.
Why, sir, I trust I may have leave to speak;
Why, sir, I pray, are not the streets as free
Why, she's a devil, a devil, the devil's dam.
Why, she hath a face of her own.
Why, she comes to borrow nothing of them.
Why, shall the people give
Why, say, fair queen, whence springs this deep despair?
Why, our battalion trebles that account:
Why, noble lords,
Why, no; for she hath broke the lute to me.
Why, no; for he hath made a solemn vow
Why, no.
Why, no, sir.
Why, my young cousin, it is good to grow.
Why, my sweet lord?
Why, may one ask?
Why, masters, my good friends, mine honest neighbours,
Why, master mayor, why stand you in a doubt?
Why, madam, so, no doubt, he is.
Why, madam, have I offer'd love for this
Why, love, I say! madam! sweet-heart! why, bride!
Why, love forswore me in my mother's womb:
Why, lo you now, I have spoke to the purpose twice:
Why, lamb! why, lady! fie, you slug-a-bed!
Why, knows not Montague that of itself
Why, just, my lord, and that is Angelo,
Why, it contains no king?
Why, is not this better now than groaning for love?
Why, is not Oxford here another anchor?
Why, is it not news, to hear of Petruchio's coming?
Why, is he not with the queen?
Why, in good time.
Why, how now, sons and brother! at a strife?
Why, how now, long-tongued Warwick! dare you speak?
Why, how now, kinsman! wherefore storm you so?
Why, how now, father!
Why, how now, daughter Katharina! in your dumps?
Why, how now, dame! whence grows this insolence?
Why, how now, Kate! I hope thou art not mad:
Why, how now, Juliet!
Why, how now, Claudio! whence comes this restraint?
Why, how are we censured?
Why, here's no crab; and therefore look not sour.
Why, here's he that was wont to thwack our general,
Why, here's a change indeed in the commonwealth!
Why, here is the note of the fashion to testify
Why, he that wears her like a medal, hanging
Why, he is so made on here within, as if he were son
Why, gentlemen, you do me double wrong,
Why, foolish boy, the king is left behind,
Why, every fault's condemn'd ere it be done:
Why, cousin, wert thou regent of the world,
Why, courage then! what cannot be avoided
Why, brother, wherefore stand you on nice points?
Why, boy, how is it?
Why, bishop, is Norfolk dead?
Why, be so still; here's nobody will steal that from
Why, and I trust I may go too, may I not? What,
Why, and I challenge nothing but my dukedom,
Why, am I dead? do I not breathe a man?
Why, all the souls that were were forfeit once;
Why, a horse.
Why, York, what wilt thou do?
Why, Warwick, canst thou speak against thy liege,
Why, Via! to London will we march amain,
Why, Romeo, art thou mad?
Why, Petruchio is coming in a new hat and an old
Why, I, in this weak piping time of peace,
Why, I pray you?
Why, I can smile, and murder whiles I smile,
Why, I am past my gamut long ago.
Why, I am glad on't; this is well: stand up:
Why, Clarence, to myself.
Why, Buckingham, I say, I would be king,
Why, Belman is as good as he, my lord;
Why, 'twas a commandment to command the captain and
Why, 'tis not amiss, Pompey. Farewell: go, say I
Why, 'tis no great matter; for a very little thief of
Why, 'tis good; it is the right of it; it must be
Why, 'tis a cockle or a walnut-shell,
Why, 'Jack, boy! ho! boy!' and as much news as
Why,
Why would he for the momentary trick
Why wither not the leaves the sap being gone?
Why with some little train, my Lord of Buckingham?
Why will you mew her up,
Why whisper you, my lords, and answer not?
Why uncle, thou hast many years to live.
Why then, the mustard without the beef.
Why then, the beef, and let the mustard rest.
Why then, by God--
Why then should I be consul? By yond clouds,
Why then it sorts, brave warriors, let's away.
Why then 'tis mine, if but by Warwick's gift.
Why that's some comfort. What, Camillo there?
Why that's my spirit!
Why that way?
Why strew'st thou sugar on that bottled spider,
Why stops my lord, shall I not hear my task?
Why stay we to be baited
Why stay we now? These soldiers shall be levied,
Why stand'st thou still, and go'st not to the duke?
Why stand we like soft-hearted women here,
Why speaks my father so ungently? This
Why speak'st not? speak, man: what's thy name?
Why should you sigh, my lord?
Why should you fall into so deep an O?
Why should we in the compass of a pale
Why should she live, to fill the world with words?
Why should he die, sir?
Why should hard-favour'd grief be lodged in thee,
Why should calamity be full of words?
Why should I not now have the like success?
Why shall we fight, if you pretend no title?
Why rail'st thou on thy birth, the heaven, and earth?
Why or for what these nobles were committed
Why looks your grace so heavily today?
Why look you so upon me?
Why linger we? let us lay hands upon him.
Why let it strike?
Why in this woolvish toge should I stand here,
Why hopest thou so? 'tis better hope he is;
Why he's a devil, a devil, a very fiend.
Why have you not proclaim'd Northumberland
Why have those banish'd and forbidden legs
Why grow the branches now the root is wither'd?
Why give you me this shame?
Why force you this?
Why follow'd not, when she said 'Tybalt's dead,'
Why either were you ignorant to see't,
Why dost thou wrong her that did ne'er wrong thee?
Why dost thou stay?
Why dost thou spit at me?
Why dost thou say King Richard is deposed?
Why dost thou run so many mile about,
Why dost thou ask again?
Why does the world report that Kate doth limp?
Why does my blood thus muster to my heart,
Why do you wring your hands, and beat your breast,
Why do you say 'thwack our general '?
Why do you put these sayings upon me?
Why do you look on us, and shake your head,
Why do we finger thus? I cannot rest
Why did you wish me milder? would you have me
Why come you not? what! multitudes, and fear?
Why came I hither but to that intent?
Why brother Rivers, are you yet to learn
Why at our justice seem'st thou then to lour?
Why ask I that? my mangled body shows,
Why art thou yet so fair? shall I believe
Why art thou patient, man? thou shouldst be mad;
Why are our bodies soft and weak and smooth,
Why I should welcome such a guest as grief,
Why I descend into this bed of death,
Why 'her unhappy brother'? let me ask,
Why 'Heart's ease?'
Why
Whose youthful spirit, in me regenerate,
Whose wisdom was a mirror to the wisest;
Whose western side is with a vineyard back'd;
Whose warlike ears could never brook retreat,
Whose unavoided eye is murderous.
Whose ugly and unnatural aspect
Whose top-branch overpeer'd Jove's spreading tree
Whose tongue?
Whose tongue more poisons than the adder's tooth!
Whose sudden sight hath thrall'd my wounded eye.
Whose sting is sharper than the sword's;
Whose state and honour I for aye allow.
Whose soul is that which takes her heavy leave?
Whose settled visage and deliberate word
Whose salt imagination yet hath wrong'd
Whose sale is present death in Mantua,
Whose rocky shore beats back the envious siege
Whose repetition will be dogg'd with curses;
Whose passions and whose plots have broke their sleep,
Whose names are written there, and to them say,
Whose manners still our tardy apish nation
Whose ignorant credulity will not
Whose humble means match not his haughty mind:
Whose house?
Whose house, whose bed, whose meal, and exercise,
Whose honour and whose honesty till now
Whose hollow womb inherits nought but bones.
Whose heir my father was, and I am his.
Whose haughty spirit, winged with desire,
Whose hand soever lanced their tender hearts,
Whose hand is that the forest bear doth lick?
Whose frown hath made thee faint and fly ere this!
Whose fresh complexion and whose heart together
Whose father slew my father, he shall die.
Whose father for his hoarding went to hell?
Whose father bears the title of a king,--
Whose envious gulf did swallow up his life.
Whose enmity he flung aside, and breasted
Whose duty is deceiveable and false.
Whose double tongue may with a mortal touch
Whose double bosoms seem to wear one heart,
Whose deadly web ensnareth thee about?
Whose credit with the judge, or own great place,
Whose compass is no bigger than thy head;
Whose chronicle thus writ: 'The man was noble,
Whose children he hath slain, their base throats tear
Whose bright out-shining beams thy cloudy wrath
Whose arms gave shelter to the princely eagle,
Whoop'd out of Rome. Now this extremity
Whom you have banish'd, does exceed you all.
Whom with all praise I point at, saw him fight,
Whom with a crack'd heart I have sent to Rome,
Whom we have left protectors of the king,
Whom thou wert sworn to cherish and defend.
Whom thou obeyed'st thirty and six years,
Whom thou lovest best: see thou dissemble not.
Whom stripes may move, not kindness! I have used thee,
Whom son I dare not call; thou art too base
Whom should he follow but his natural king?
Whom now I keep in service. Thou best know'st
Whom late you have named for consul.
Whom it concerns to hear this matter forth,
Whom in this conflict I unwares have kill'd.
Whom he begot with child, let her appear,
Whom for this time we pardon. We enjoin thee,
Whom fair befal in heaven 'mongst happy souls!
Whom envy hath immured within your walls!
Whom conscience and my kindred bids to right.
Whom I would save, had a most noble father!
Whom I will marry straight to Clarence' daughter:
Whom I unnaturally shall disinherit.
Whom I proclaim a man of truth, of mercy;
Whom I left cooling of the air with sighs
Whom I encounter'd as the battles join'd.
Whom I employ'd was pre-employ'd by him:
Whom I believe to be most strait in virtue,
Whom God preserve better than you would wish!--
Whom God hath join'd together; ay, and 'twere pity
Whoever got thee, there thy mother stands;
Whoever gave that counsel, to give forth
Who? that Petruchio came?
Who? Camillo?
Who, with a charm join'd to their suffer'd labour,
Who, when they see the hours ripe on earth,
Who, weak with age, cannot support myself:
Who, raging with thy tears, and they with them,
Who, not the duke? yes, your beggar of fifty; and
Who, newly in the seat, that it may know
Who, my master?
Who, hearing of our Marcius' banishment,
Who, falling in the flaws of her own youth,
Who, earnest in the service of my God,
Who, as I hear, mean to solicit him
Who, after great Hostilius, here was king;
Who, I, my lord I we know each other's faces,
Who's yonder,
Who's this? O God! it is my father's face,
Who's there? come in: the wish deserves a welcome.
Who's that, I pray thee?
Who's that which calls?
Who wrought it with the king, and who perform'd
Who would believe me? O perilous mouths,
Who would be thence that has the benefit of access?
Who woo'd in haste and means to wed at leisure.
Who with mine eyes, never since at ebb, beheld
Who will of thy arrival be full joyous.
Who will believe thee, Isabel?
Who wears my stripes impress'd upon him; that
Who was the model of thy father's life.
Who was so firm, so constant, that this coil
Who told me, when we both lay in the field
Who told me, in the field by Tewksbury
Who told me how the poor soul did forsake
Who thunders to his captives blood and death,
Who thrives and who declines; side factions
Who thinks he knows that he ne'er knew my body,
Who they shall be that straight shall post to Ludlow.
Who taught you this?
Who sues to thee and cries 'God save the queen'?
Who sued to me for him? who, in my rage,
Who strongly hath set footing in this land:
Who spake of brotherhood? who spake of love?
Who slew to-day a righteous gentleman
Who sitting in the stocks refuge their shame,
Who should that be? belike, unlook'd-for friends.
Who should succeed the father but the son?
Who should have died when Claudio lost his head;
Who shall reward you better for my life
Who shall hinder me?
Who shall begin?
Who shall ask it?
Who sets me else? by heaven, I'll throw at all:
Who set this ancient quarrel new abroach?
Who sent you hither? Wherefore do you come?
Who sensibly outdares his senseless sword,
Who saw the sun to-day?
Who prays continually for Richmond's good:
Who please to come and hear. For life, I prize it
Who pass'd, methought, the melancholy flood,
Who now the price of his dear blood doth owe?
Who now are here, taking their leaves of me,
Who nothing hurt withal hiss'd him in scorn:
Who not contented that he lopp'd the branch
Who meets us here?  my niece Plantagenet
Who may, in the ambush of my name, strike home,
Who makest a show but darest not strike, thy conscience
Who made thee, then, a bloody minister,
Who made the Dauphin and the French to stoop
Who loves another best.
Who look'd full gently on his warlike queen,
Who lets it hop a little from her hand,
Who least will seem to do so, my past life
Who lack not virtue, no, nor power, but that
Who knows the lord protector's mind herein?
Who knows not where a wasp does
Who knows not that?
Who knows not that the noble duke is dead?
Who knows not he is dead! who knows he is?
Who knocks so hard? whence come you? what's your will?
Who knew of Your intent and coming hither?
Who is't that goes with me? Beseech your highness,
Who is't that calls? is it my lady mother?
Who is the sink o' the body,--
Who is that calls so coldly?
Who is so far from Italy removed
Who is of Rome worse hated than of you,
Who is most inward with the royal duke?
Who is lost too: take your patience to you,
Who is it?
Who is it that hath died for this offence?
Who is as free from touch or soil with her
Who is already sick and pale with grief,
Who intercepts my expedition?
Who in this kind of merry fooling am nothing
Who in rebellion with himself will have
Who hither come engaged by my oath--
Who here hath lain these two days buried.
Who having pinch'd a few and made them cry,
Who having into truth, by telling of it,
Who have we here?
Who hath not seen them, even with those wings
Who hath descried the number of the foe?
Who hath committed them?
Who hath cause to wet the grief on't.
Who hath a story ready for your ear.
Who hast the memory of Hermione,
Who has a charter to extol her blood,
Who hadst deserved more than a prison.
Who had, no doubt, some noble creature in her,
Who had but newly entertain'd revenge,
Who goes there?
Who gently would dissolve the bands of life,
Who gave his blood to lime the stones together,
Who from my cabin tempted me to walk
Who for this seven years hath esteem'd him
Who for Bohemia bend, to signify
Who ever would have thought it? Romeo!
Who even in pure and vestal modesty,
Who does infect her?
Who do prepare to meet him at the gates,
Who did hoot him out o' the city.
Who deserves greatness
Who crown'd the gracious duke in high despite,
Who cried aloud, 'What scourge for perjury
Who comes with him?
Who can do good on him?
Who can be patient in such extremes?
Who calls so loud?
Who by his prowess conquered all France:
Who but to-day hammer'd of this design,
Who builds his hopes in air of your good looks,
Who brought it?
Who bow'd but in my stirrup, bend like his
Who bare my letter, then, to Romeo?
Who are they that complain unto the king,
Who answer'd him, they came from Buckingham.
Who am prepared against your territories,
Who all this while hath revell'd in the night
Who all as hot, turns deadly point to point,
Who I do think is mine and love as mine,
Who 'scapes the lurking serpent's mortal sting?
Whither?
Whither?
Whither?
Whither?
Whither, if it please you, we may now withdraw us.
Whither you will, so I were from your sights.
Whither wilt thou go? Take good Cominius
Whither the queen intends. Forward; away!
Whither away, or where is thy abode?
Whither 'tis bent: most likely 'tis for you:
Whiter than new snow on a raven's back.
White-liver'd runagate, what doth he there?
White-beards have arm'd their thin and hairless scalps
Whisper the spirits of thine enemies
Whipt first, sir, and hanged after.
Whipp'd and tormented and--God-den, good fellow.
Whip me? No, no; let carman whip his jade:
Whilst, with no softer cushion than the flint,
Whilst, in the mildness of your sleepy thoughts,
Whilst you have fed upon my signories,
Whilst we were wandering with the antipodes,
Whilst thou liest warm at home, secure and safe;
Whilst that my wretchedness doth bait myself,
Whilst others come to make him lose at home:
Whilst my invention, hearing not my tongue,
Whilst my gross flesh sinks downward, here to die.
Whilst he, from the one side to the other turning,
Whilst all tongues cried 'God save thee,
Whilst I, with those that have the spirit, will haste
Whilst I remember
Whilst I propose the selfsame words to thee,
Whilst I awhile obsequiously lament
Whilst Dighton thus told on: 'We smothered
Whilst Bolingbroke, through our security,
Whiles, in his moan, the ship splits on the rock,
Whiles thou art waking.
Whiles other men have gates and those gates open'd,
Whiles lions war and battle for their dens,
Whiles he was hastening, in the chase, it seems,
Whiles Warwick tells his title, smooths the wrong,
While you, sweet dear, prove mistress of my heart!
While you are thus employ'd, what resteth more,
While we were interchanging thrusts and blows,
While we return these dukes what we decree.
While we pursued the horsemen of the north,
While we lie tumbling in the hay.
While we devise fell tortures for thy faults.
While we bethink a means to break it off.
While she did call me rascal fiddler
While she chats him: the kitchen malkin pins
While proud ambitious Edward Duke of York
While kites and buzzards prey at liberty.
While he himself keeps in the cold field?
While he enjoys the honour and his ease.
While he did bear my countenance in the town;
While counterfeit supposes bleared thine eyne.
While I with self-same kindness welcome thine.
While I use further conference with Warwick.
While I stand fooling here, his Jack o' the clock.
While I remain above the ground, you shall
While I myself will lead a private life
While I make way from hence to save my life:
Which, without note, here's many else have done,--
Which, whiles it lasted, gave King Henry light.
Which, well thou know'st, is cross, and full of sin.
Which, too much minded by herself alone,
Which, to the spire and top of praises vouch'd,
Which, till my infant fortune comes to years,
Which, though thou wouldst deny, denies thee vantage.
Which, since, succeeding ages have re-edified.
Which, of he or Adrian, for a good
Which, mellow'd by the stealing hours of time,
Which, look'd on as it is, is nought but shadows
Which, like unruly children, make their sire
Which, like a usurer, abound'st in all,
Which, in the day of battle, tire thee more
Which, by the sign thereof was termed so.
Which, by the heavens' assistance and your strength,
Which, being suffer'd, rivers cannot quench.
Which, being advanced, declines, and then men die.
Which, at more leisure, I will so excuse
Which, as thou know'st, unjustly must be spilt.
Which, as he breathed defiance to my ears,
Which, I protest, hath very much beguiled
Which, I presume, he'll take in gentle part.
Which, I dare vouch, is more than that he hath,
Which you, mistaking, offer up to joy.
Which you weep for.
Which you say adds to nature, is an art
Which you knew great, and to the hazard
Which you have not redeem'd; indeed, paid down
Which you do live upon; and fit it is,
Which you deny already: yet we will ask;
Which you are out of, with a gentler spirit,
Which yet seem shut, we, have but pinn'd with rushes;
Which would increase his evil. He that depends
Which would be so much the more dangerous
Which woo'd the slimy bottom of the deep,
Which with usurping steps do trample thee:
Which with sweet water nightly I will dew,
Which with such gentle sorrow he shook off,
Which with her dowry shall be counterpoised.
Which with a bounteous hand was kindly lent;
Which will not prove a whip: as many coxcombs
Which when I saw, I reprehended them;
Which were inshell'd when Marcius stood for Rome,
Which well appeared in his lineaments,
Which well I am assured I have not done,
Which we will second. When he lies along,
Which we ourselves have plough'd for, sow'd,
Which we more hunt for than the grace of God!
Which we in justice cannot well deny,
Which we have noted in you to your kin,
Which we have goaded onward.
Which we disdain should tatter us, yet sought
Which we devise him.
Which way to be prevented, if to be;
Which way thou travellest: if along with us,
Which way ran he that kill'd Mercutio?
Which waste of idle hours hath quite thrown down.
Which was, that he, in lieu o' the premises
Which was your shame, by this unholy braggart,
Which was sometime his general; who loved him
Which was as gross as ever touch'd conjecture,
Which waits upon worn times hath something seized
Which traitor, thou wouldst have me answer to.
Which too untimely here did scorn the earth.
Which told me they had beat you to your trenches?
Which to this hour bewail the injury,
Which to the high top-gallant of my joy
Which to recure, we heartily solicit
Which to preserve is sleep, which being spotted
Which to maintain I would allow him odds,
Which to deny concerns more than avails; for as
Which tired majesty did make thee offer,
Which thou wilt propagate, to have it prest
Which thou takest from me. When thou camest first,
Which thou supposest I have done to thee.
Which thou shouldst bear me: only that name remains;
Which thou shalt thereby reap is such a name,
Which thou heard'st cry, which thou saw'st sink. Sit down;
Which thou forget'st. This damn'd witch Sycorax,
Which this man's life did owe you, you'll rejoice
Which they upon the adverse party want.
Which they have often made against the senate,
Which they have given to beggars.
Which then will speak, that you must
Which then our leisure would not let us hear,
Which then blew bitterly against our faces,
Which the rather
Which the dark night hath so discovered.
Which the commission of thy years and art
Which the air beats for vain. O place, O form,
Which ten times faster glide than the sun's beams,
Which stretched to their servants, daughters, wives,
Which sounded like a clamour in a vault,
Which sorrow is always towards ourselves, not heaven,
Which sometime they have used with fearful flight,
Which some call nature's bastards: of that kind
Which so roused up with boisterous untuned drums,
Which so long sunder'd friends should dwell upon:
Which sixteen winters cannot blow away,
Which since we cannot do to make you friends,
Which since have steaded much; so, of his gentleness,
Which shows me mine changed too; for I must be
Which shows like grief itself, but is not so;
Which should undo more doing: ay, and thou,
Which should bedeck thy shape, thy love, thy wit:
Which she shall purchase with still lasting war.
Which she hath praised him with above compare
Which serves it in the office of a wall,
Which serves as paste and cover to our bones.
Which seems a little fouler than it is,
Which seem to move and wanton with her breath,
Which runs himself and catches for his master.
Which robs my tongue from breathing native breath?
Which renders good for bad, blessings for curses.
Which quired with my drum, into a pipe
Which puts some of us in distemper, but
Which out of daily fortune ever taints
Which our profane hours here have stricken down.
Which our divines lose by 'em.
Which otherwise would grow into extremes.
Which once,' quoth Forrest, 'almost changed my mind;
Which once untangled, much misfortune bodes:
Which once thou sworest was worth the looking on;
Which once perform'd, let all the world say no,
Which on thy royal party granted once,
Which on my faith deserves high speech, and straight
Which on more view, of many mine being one
Which often, thus, correcting thy stout heart,
Which often hath no less prevail'd than so
Which oft the angry Mab with blisters plagues,
Which oft infects the wisest: these, my lord,
Which of you, if you were a prince's son,
Which of you trembles not that looks on me?
Which now, two tender playfellows to dust,
Which now's upon's; without the which this story
Which now the loving haste of these our friends,
Which now the house of Lancaster usurps,
Which now mistrust no parcel of my fear,
Which now came from him.
Which now bear evidence against my soul,
Which not to have done I think had been in me
Which not to cut would show thee but a fool,
Which never were nor no man ever saw.
Which never tender lady hath born greater,
Which never dreamt on aught but butcheries:
Which ne'er came from the lungs, but even thus--
Which ne'er I did remember: to my knowledge,
Which must be even as swiftly follow'd as
Which most gibingly, ungravely, he did fashion
Which modern lamentations might have moved?
Which men are best inclined.
Which may, if fortune please, both breed thee, pretty,
Which mannerly devotion shows in this;
Which makes thee thus presumptuous and proud,
Which makes the silver rivers drown their shores,
Which makes me sweat with wrath. Come on, my fellows:
Which made the fault that we cannot correct,
Which live like venom where no venom else
Which lets go by some sixteen years and makes her
Which issued from my other angel husband
Which is the wiser here? Justice or Iniquity? Is
Which is the least?
Which is the god of my idolatry,
Which is the bell: so sighs and tears and groans
Which is that Barnardine?
Which is not yet perform'd me.
Which is his house, beseech you?
Which is from my remembrance! Please you, farther.
Which is for me less easy to commit
Which is as thin of substance as the air
Which industry and courage might have saved?
Which in your outward actions shows itself
Which in their summer beauty kiss'd each other.
Which in the time of death he gave our father.
Which in the soldier is flat blasphemy.
Which in myself I boldly will defend;
Which in his greatest need will shrink from him.
Which in a set hand fairly is engross'd,
Which in a napkin being close convey'd
Which if thou please to hide in this true bosom.
Which if they do, yet will I keep thee safe,
Which hoxes honesty behind, restraining
Which honour does acknowledge, whereof the least
Which honour and allegiance cannot think.
Which his triumphant father's hand had won;
Which his hell-govern'd arm hath butchered!
Which his aspiring rider seem'd to know,
Which here you urge to prove us enemies,
Which here you come to accuse.
Which here we waken to our country's good,
Which held three dearly as his soul's redemption,
Which heavy sorrow makes them apt unto:
Which he, young wanton and effeminate boy,
Which he was lord of; or whether nature,
Which he treads on at noon: but I do wonder
Which he so sets at nought.
Which he not dreams of.
Which he has put upon't!
Which he did end all his; and took some pride
Which he counts but a trifle.
Which he corrects, then were he tyrannous;
Which have, like unscour'd armour, hung by the wall
Which have for long run by the hideous law,
Which haply by much company might be urged:
Which had you rather, that the most just law
Which grieves me when I see my shame in him.
Which gently laid my knighthood on my shoulder,
Which from the vineyard to the garden leads;
Which for this nineteen years we have let slip;
Which for things true weeps things imaginary.
Which for some reasons, sir, I mean to see.
Which for some reasons I would not have seen.
Which fondly you would here impose on me;
Which first was mine own king: and here you sty me
Which finds it an inforced pilgrimage.
Which fear, not reverence, makes thee to except.
Which false hope lingers in extremity.
Which ever since hath kept my eyes from rest;
Which end o' the beam should bow. We have lost your
Which else would put you to your fortune and
Which else would post until it had return'd
Which elder days shall ripen and confirm
Which easily endures not article
Which draught to me were cordial.
Which done, God take King Edward to his mercy,
Which does mend nature, change it rather, but
Which didst unworthy slaughter upon others.
Which did subdue the greatest part of Spain;
Which dances with your daughter?
Which craves as desperate an execution.
Which contradicts my accusation and
Which comes to me in name of fault, I must not
Which cannot brook the accent of reproof.
Which can make gods forsworn? I melt, and am not
Which by the interpretation of full time
Which by my presence might have been concluded.
Which by his death hath lost much majesty.
Which breathed this poison.
Which blood, like sacrificing Abel's, cries,
Which being so horrible, so bloody, must
Which being shallow, you give me leave
Which bars a thousand harms and lengthens life.
Which as they kiss consume: the sweetest honey
Which art possess'd now to depose thyself.
Which art a lion and a king of beasts?
Which argued thee a most unloving father.
Which are the children of an idle brain,
Which are so weak of courage and in judgment
Which are as easy broke as they make forms.
Which any print of goodness wilt not take,
Which almost burst to belch it in the sea.
Which after hours give leisure to repent.
Which a dismiss'd offence would after gall;
Which I'll not call a creature of thy place,
Which I'll lay down.
Which I would free, if I shall be condemn'd
Which I with some unwillingness pronounce:
Which I will purchase with my duteous service;
Which I protest against--I am assisted
Which I have sworn to weed and pluck away.
Which I have better'd rather than decreased:
Which I do last pronounce, is, O you wonder!
Which I dispersed, they all have met again
Which I did think with slower foot came on,
Which I could fancy more than any other.
Which I can scarcely bear.
Which He hath given for fence impregnable,
Which God revenge!
Which God defend that I should wring from him!
Which God defend a knight should violate!--
Which 'tis not fit you know, I not acquaint
Whether you had not sometime in your life
Whether to knock against the gates of Rome,
Whether the tyranny be in his place,
Whether our kinsman come to see his friends.
Whether it like me or no, I am a courtier. Seest
Whether it be the fault and glimpse of newness,
Whether for east or west: the dearth is great;
Whether I blush or no: howbeit, I thank you.
Wherewith I reign'd? I hardly yet have learn'd
Whereto, when they shall know what men are rich,
Whereto we are bound? alack, or we must lose
Whereto we are bound, together with thy victory,
Whereto thy tongue a party-verdict gave:
Whereto my finger, like a dial's point,
Whereto if you'll a willing ear incline,
Whereto I have invited many a guest,
Whereof we have ta'en good and good store, of all
Whereof the root was fix'd in virtue's ground,
Whereof the king my brother stood possess'd.
Whereof our uncle Gaunt did stand possess'd.
Whereof I shall not have intelligence.
Whereof I know she is not ignorant:
Wherein--let no man hear me--I take pride,
Wherein, my friends, have I offended you?
Wherein your lady and your humble wife
Wherein your cunning can assist me much.
Wherein you see me smear'd; if any fear
Wherein thyself shalt highly be employ'd.
Wherein thy counsel and consent is wanting.
Wherein thou seest me mask'd; for thy revenge
Wherein thou liest in reputation sick;
Wherein this trunk was framed, and in her hand
Wherein the king stands generally condemn'd.
Wherein the acorn cradled. Follow.
Wherein our entertainment shall shame us we will be
Wherein my grandsire and my father sat?
Wherein I seem unnatural: desire not
Wherefore? wherefore?
Wherefore, gentle maiden,
Wherefore that box?
Wherefore did they not
Whereby they live: and though that all at once,
Whereby my son is disinherited.
Whereat the great Lord of Northumberland,
Where? at the senate-house?
Where, underneath the grove of sycamore
Where, if you bring not Marcius, we'll proceed
Where, he shall see, the boar will use us kindly.
Where, for these many hundred years, the bones
Where, ere we do repose us, we will write
Where, after I have solemnly interr'd
Where's the cook? is supper ready, the house
Where's that?
Where's my spaniel Troilus? Sirrah, get you hence,
Where's Romeo's man? what can he say in this?
Where's Richard gone?
Where's Potpan, that he helps not to take away? He
Where's Cotus? my master calls
Where's Captain Margaret, to fence you now?
Where's Caius Marcius?
Where's Bohemia? speak.
Where'er it be, in heaven or in earth.
Where'er I wander, boast of this I can,
Where youth, and cost, and witless bravery keeps.
Where your brave father breathed his latest gasp,
Where you'll be loath to be: besides you know
Where you were tied in duty, and as sorry
Where you shall find me well accompanied
Where you shall be an everlasting leiger:
Where you may have such vantage on the duke,
Where words are scarce, they are seldom spent in vain,
Where will doth mutiny with wit's regard.
Where were you born, friend?
Where were her life? she durst not call me so,
Where we're offenders now, appear soul-vex'd,
Where we were lodgers at the Pegasus.
Where thou shalt rest, that thou mayst hear of us
Where thou shalt live, till we can find a time
Where they shall know our mind: away!
Where then, alas, may I complain myself?
Where the warlike Smalus,
Where the infectious pestilence did reign,
Where the disease is violent. Lay hands upon him,
Where the devil should this Romeo be?
Where that same banish'd runagate doth live,
Where small experience grows. But in a few,
Where slept our scouts, or how are they seduced,
Where sits deformity to mock my body;
Where should this music be? i' the air or the earth?
Where should she be? How oddly thou repliest!
Where should be graven, if that right were right,
Where shivering cold and sickness pines the clime;
Where she at least is banish'd from your eye,
Where shame doth harbour, even in Mowbray's face.
Where shall we sojourn till our coronation?
Where shall we dine? O me! What fray was here?
Where serpents are; chain me with roaring bears;
Where senators shall mingle tears with smiles,
Where rude misgovern'd hands from windows' tops
Where peremptory Warwick now remains:
Where our right valiant father is become.
Where one part does disdain with cause, the other
Where one on his side fights, thousands will fly.
Where on a sudden one hath wounded me,
Where of the execution did cry out
Where nothing lives but crosses, cares and grief.
Where nothing can proceed that toucheth us
Where no priest shovels in dust. O cursed wretch,
Where no man never comes but that sad dog
Where my poor young was limed, was caught and kill'd.
Where lies he?
Where left we last?
Where kings command. I was, I must confess,
Where it was forged, with my rapier's point.
Where it seems best unto your royal self.
Where it perceives it is but faintly borne.
Where it fits not you to know.
Where it did mark, it took; from face to foot
Where is your sister, and Hortensio's wife?
Where is your mother?'
Where is your ancient courage? you were used
Where is thy power, then, to beat him back?
Where is thy husband now? where be thy brothers?
Where is thy conscience now?
Where is this viper
Where is this fellow?
Where is the provost?
Where is the post that came from valiant Oxford?
Where is the post that came from Montague?
Where is the master, boatswain?
Where is the life that late I led--
Where is the king?
Where is the foolish knave I sent before?
Where is the enemy? are you lords o' the field?
Where is the duke? 'tis he should hear me speak.
Where is the duke my father with his power?
Where is the county's page, that raised the watch?
Where is the Earl of Wiltshire? where is Bagot?
Where is the Duke of Norfolk, gentle Warwick?
Where is that slave
Where is that damned villain Tranio,
Where is she? and how doth she? and what says
Where is my wife?
Where is my page? Go, villain, fetch a surgeon.
Where is my mother! why, she is within;
Where is my lord protector? I have sent for these
Where is my lady's lord, where's Romeo?
Where is my father, and my mother, nurse?
Where is kind Hastings, Rivers, Vaughan, Grey?
Where is he? call him hither.
Where is he?
Where is he?
Where is he, hear you?
Where is he wounded?
Where is Nathaniel, Gregory, Philip?
Where is Lucentio?
Where is Lord Stanley quarter'd, dost thou know?
Where in that nest of spicery they shall breed
Where he was to begin and give away
Where he should find you lions, finds you hares;
Where he shall answer, by a lawful form,
Where he abides.
Where having nothing, nothing can he lose.
Where have you lurk'd, that you make doubt of it?
Where have I been! Nay, how now! where are you?
Where hast thou been preserved? where lived? how found
Where great patricians shall attend and shrug,
Where great Aufidius lies: is he in Antium?
Where foxes, geese: you are no surer, no,
Where fearing dying pays death servile breath.
Where eyes did once inhabit, there were crept,
Where every horse bears his commanding rein,
Where ever Englishman durst set his foot.
Where dwellest thou?
Where doth the world thrust forth a vanity--
Where did you study all this goodly speech?
Where did you dwell when I was King of England?
Where did I leave?
Where chance may nurse or end it. Take it up.
Where bloody Tybalt, yet but green in earth,
Where be these knaves? What, no man at door
Where be these enemies? Capulet! Montague!
Where be the thronging troops that follow'd thee?
Where be the bending peers that flatter'd thee?
Where art thou, keeper? give me a cup of wine.
Where are your mess of sons to back you now?
Where are thy tenants and thy followers?
Where are thy children? wherein dost thou, joy?
Where are those--Sit down, Kate, and welcome.--
Where are the vile beginners of this fray?
Where are the evidence that do accuse me?
Where are my slippers? Shall I have some water?
Where and what time your majesty shall please.
Where and what time thou wilt perform the rite;
Where all the kindred of the Capulets lie.
Where all my sins are writ, and that's myself.
Where Juliet lives; and every cat and dog
Where I shall kneel to him that slew my father!
Where I must take like seat unto my fortune,
Where I may read who pass'd that passing fair?
Where I have seen corruption boil and bubble
Where I have learn'd me to repent the sin
Where I arrive, and my approach be shunn'd,
Where Claudio stoop'd to death, and with like haste.
Where 'tis predominant; and 'tis powerful, think it,
Whensoever he's convented. First, for this woman.
Whenever Buckingham doth turn his hate
Whene'er we come to our account.
Whence comest thou? what wouldst thou? thy name?
Whence are you, sir? what may I call your name?
Whence are you, sir? Has the porter his eyes in his
When, with a most impatient devilish spirit,
When, by and by, the din of war gan pierce
When, both your voices blended, the great'st taste
When, after execution, judgment hath
When, I beseech you? that in his reprieve,
When, Harry, when?
When you should bring the plaster.
When you shall come to clearer knowledge, that
When you have vow'd, you must not speak with men
When you have said 'she's goodly,' come between
When you have done, repair to Crosby Place.
When you disgraced me in my embassade,
When you depart, and save your thanks. How say you?
When you depart from him, but, soft and low,
When you curse them as enemies.
When you cast out, it still came home.
When you are gentle, you shall have one too,
When you are cloudy.
When you and I met at Saint Alban's last,
When with his knees he kiss'd the Cretan strand.
When with his Amazonian chin he drove
When will he be here?
When what's not meet, but what must be, was law,
When well-apparell'd April on the heel
When weeping made you break the story off,
When we were chosen tribunes for the people,--
When we shall hap to give 't them.
When we grow stronger, then we'll make our claim:
When triumph is become an alehouse guest?
When time shall call him home from banishment,
When time is broke and no proportion kept!
When thou wert king; who, travelling towards York,
When thou mayst tell thy tale a nearer way?
When thou hast broke it in so dear degree?
When thou didst crown his warlike brows with paper
When thou didst bower the spirit of a fiend
When thou comest thither--
When this is known, then to divide the times:
When they should serve their sovereign in the west?
When they do homage to this simple peasant.
When they are gone, then must I count my gains.
When they are bound to serve, love and obey.
When theirs are dry, for Romeo's banishment.
When the tongue's office should be prodigal
When the sun sets, who doth not look for night?
When the sun sets, the air doth drizzle dew;
When the sea is. Hence! What cares these roarers
When the devout religion of mine eye
When the alarum were struck than idly sit
When such bad dealings must be seen in thought.
When such a sacred king should hide his head.
When steel grows soft as the parasite's silk,
When she, poor hen, fond of no second brood,
When she will take the rein I let her run;
When she will play with reason and discourse,
When she was young you woo'd her; now in age
When she does praise me grieves me. I have done
When she did suckle Hector, look'd not lovelier
When scarce the blood was well wash'd from his hands
When presently through all thy veins shall run
When our sea-walled garden, the whole land,
When one but of my ordinance stood up
When once she is my wife.
When nights are longest there: I'll take my leave.
When nature brought him to the door of death?
When my poor heart no measure keeps in grief:
When my good falcon made her flight across
When must he die?
When most the truth; which I receive much better
When most struck home, being gentle wounded, craves
When men were fond, I smiled and wonder'd how.
When men are unprepared and look not for it.
When judges steal themselves. What, do I love her,
When it was less expected: he replied,
When it lies starkly in the traveller's bones:
When it is least expected.
When it is baked with frost.
When it hoars ere it be spent.
When it doth tax itself; as these black masks
When it did taste the wormwood on the nipple
When it deserves, with characters of brass,
When holy and devout religious men
When holy Harry died, and my sweet son.
When he would force it? Sure, it is no sin,
When he wakes! why, fool, he shall never wake till
When he stands where I am and sees you there.
When he shall split thy very heart with sorrow,
When he shall miss me,--as, in faith, I mean not
When he perceives the envious clouds are bent
When he might spurn him with his foot away?
When he might act the woman in the scene,
When he hath power to crush? Why, had your bodies
When he had done, some followers of mine own,
When he had carried Rome and that we look'd
When he doth bid good morrow with such a spirit.
When he did stand for consul, which he lost
When he did need your loves, and do you think
When he bestrides the lazy-pacing clouds
When have I injured thee? when done thee wrong?
When great leaves fall, the winter is at hand;
When good manners shall lie all in one or two men's
When gallant-springing brave Plantagenet,
When first I did embrace him: yet his nature
When evil deeds have their permissive pass
When every grief is entertain'd that's offer'd,
When dying clouds contend with growing light,
When didst thou sleep when such a deed was done?
When did she cross thee with a bitter word?
When daffodils begin to peer,
When corn was given them gratis, you repined;
When clouds appear, wise men put on their cloaks;
When care, mistrust, and treason waits on him.
When but love's shadows are so rich in joy!
When blows have made me stay, I fled from words.
When black-faced Clifford shook his sword at him;
When as the noble Duke of York was slain,
When as the enemy hath been ten to one:
When Tarquin made a head for Rome, he fought
When Richmond was a little peevish boy.
When Oxford had me down, he rescued me,
When King Cophetua loved the beggar-maid!
When I, thy three-hours wife, have mangled it?
When I, that censure him, do so offend,
When I'll depose I had him in mine arms
When I would pray and think, I think and pray
When I wore it at your daughter's marriage?
When I was last in Holborn,
When I was crown'd I was but nine months old.
When I should mount with wings of victory:
When I should bid good morrow to my bride,
When I shall see this gentleman, thy speeches
When I shall gust it last. How came't, Camillo,
When I shall ask the banns and when be married.
When I said, banish him, I said 'twas pity.
When I return with victory from the field
When I perceive your grace, like power divine,
When I have said, cry 'woe!' the queen, the queen,
When I have most need to employ a friend,
When I have heard your king's desert recounted,
When I have fought with Pembroke and his fellows,
When I have deck'd the sea with drops full salt,
When I do see the very book indeed
When I arrived and heard thee, that made gape
When I am cold in zeal to yours.
When I am alone, why, then I am Tranio;
When Clifford cannot spare his friends an oath.
When Bolingbroke rode on roan Barbary,
When Biondello comes, he waits on thee;
Whatever fortune stays him from his word:
Whatever I shall happen to devise.
Whate'er thou hear'st or seest, stand all aloof,
Whate'er it bodes, henceforward will I bear
Whate'er it be, be thou still like thyself,
Whate'er I read to her, I'll plead for you
What? what?
What? I say,
What?
What?
What, you will not? Prithee, tell my master what a
What, you notorious villain, didst thou never see
What, you mean my face?
What, would you make me mad? Am not I Christopher
What, would you have my weapon, little lord?
What, with my tongue in your tail? nay, come again,
What, with five thousand men?
What, wilt thou wash him from his grave with tears?
What, wilt thou not? then, Clarence, do it thou.
What, wilt thou not? Where is that devil's butcher,
What, will you not suffer me? Nay, now I see
What, will you go unto the Tower, my lord?
What, will the aspiring blood of Lancaster
What, will my daughter prove a good musician?
What, will he not to bed?
What, will he come?
What, what? his choler?
What, what, what? let's partake.
What, what, what!
What, weeping-ripe, my Lord Northumberland?
What, was I born to this, that my sad look
What, up and down, carved like an apple-tart?
What, thou?
What, think you then the king shall be deposed?
What, think You we are Turks or infidels?
What, talking with a priest, lord chamberlain?
What, sovereign sir,
What, shall we toward the Tower? the day is spent.
What, shall we suffer this? let's pluck him down:
What, shall we stab him as he sleeps?
What, shall this speech be spoke for our excuse?
What, shall I groan and tell thee?
What, rouse thee, man! thy Juliet is alive,
What, resists he? Help him, Lucio.
What, pray you, became of Antigonus, that carried
What, not an oath? nay, then the world goes hard
What, not a word? you take your pennyworths now;
What, not a word? Nay, then thou lovest it not;
What, no attendance? no regard? no duty?
What, neither?
What, my old worshipful old master? yes, marry, sir:
What, my lord?
What, my gracious lord?
What, must our mouths be cold?
What, master, read you? first resolve me that.
What, marry, may she?
What, marry, may she! marry with a king,
What, man! 'tis not so much, 'tis not so much:
What, like a corse?
What, is't murder?
What, is there a maid with child by him?
What, is the man lunatic?
What, is my daughter gone to Friar Laurence?
What, is my beaver easier than it was?
What, is my Richard both in shape and mind
What, is he in his bed?
What, in the midst of the street?
What, in my sight? Bianca, get thee in.
What, in metre?
What, household stuff?
What, ho, Barnardine!
What, ho! my lord!
What, ho! apothecary!
What, ho! Abhorson! Where's Abhorson, there?
What, have I pinch'd you, Signior Gremio?
What, have I choked you with an argosy?
What, hath thy fiery heart so parch'd thine entrails
What, had he so?
What, goodman boy! I say, he shall: go to;
What, go you toward the Tower?
What, dress'd! and in your clothes! and down again!
What, drawn, and talk of peace! I hate the word,
What, doth she swoon? use means for her recovery.
What, dost thou scorn me for my gentle counsel?
What, do you tremble? are you all afraid?
What, do you grumble? I'll be with you straight.
What, did he marry me to famish me?
What, canst not rule her?
What, by a horseman, or a footman?
What, art thou waking?
What, art thou stiff? stand'st out?
What, art thou hurt?
What, art thou drawn among these heartless hinds?
What, art thou ashamed of me?
What, art thou afraid?
What, art so near? If thou'lt see a thing to talk
What, are you married?
What, are you busy, ho? need you my help?
What, are they dead?
What, are there no posts dispatch'd for Ireland?
What, all so soon asleep! I wish mine eyes
What, Warwick, wilt thou leave the town and fight?
What, I prithee, might be the cause?
What, Grumio!
What's your will, father
What's yet behind, that's meet you all should know.
What's worse than murderer, that I may name it?
What's to do here, Thomas tapster? let's withdraw.
What's this? what's this?
What's this? mutton?
What's this? a sleeve? 'tis like a demi-cannon:
What's this, what's this? Is this her fault or mine?
What's there?
What's the news? what's the news?
What's the news?
What's the matter?
What's the matter?
What's that, I pray?
What's that to thee?
What's o'clock, think you?
What's mine is yours and what is yours is mine.
What's like to be their words: 'we did request it;
What's in his heart; and that is there which looks
What's in a name? that which we call a rose
What's here? one dead, or drunk? See, doth he breathe?
What's here? a cup, closed in my true love's hand?
What's he?
What's he that now is going out of door?
What's he that knocks as he would beat down the gate?
What's he that follows there, that would not dance?
What's he approacheth boldly to our presence?
What's done i' the Capitol; who's like to rise,
What's Montague? it is nor hand, nor foot,
What! we have many goodly days to see:
What! was it you that would be England's king?
What! threat you me with telling of the king?
What! this gentleman will out-talk us all.
What! loss of some pitch'd battle against Warwick?
What! look upon my brother: both your pardons,
What! lack I credit?
What! have I twice said well? when was't before?
What! has your king married the Lady Grey!
What! fear not, man, but yield me up the keys;
What! can so young a thorn begin to prick?
What! I, that kill'd her husband and his father,
What you will have, I'll give, and willing too;
What you will have it named, even that it is;
What you profess.
What you must say; that he shall not perceive
What you have underta'en to do in's absence.
What you have seen him do and heard him speak,
What you have nobly done.
What you have done--before our army hear me.
What you have been ere now, and what you are;
What you do
What you command, that rests in me to do.
What you can make her do,
What you as from your father shall deliver,
What wrong is this unto the prince your son!
What wouldst thou have with me?
What would your grace have done unto him now?
What would you have, friend? whence are you?
What would you have me do? I am a subject,
What would you do?
What work's, my countrymen, in hand? where go you
What with him? he comes not
What with a torch! muffle me, night, awhile.
What wisdom stirs amongst you? Come, sir, now
What wilt thou tell her, nurse? thou dost not mark me.
What will your grace have done with Margaret?
What will you give us?
What will ensue hereof, there's none can tell;
What wheels? racks? fires? what flaying? boiling?
What wert thou, if the King of Naples heard thee?
What were you snarling all before I came,
What were I best to say? her father's brother
What we will do, we do upon command.
What was your dream? I long to hear you tell it.
What was my first? it has an elder sister,
What was his reason?
What was he that did make it? See, my lord,
What villain madam?
What valour were it, when a cur doth grin,
What valiant foemen, like to autumn's corn,
What unaccustom'd cause procures her hither?
What ugly sights of death within mine eyes!
What traitor hears me, and says not amen?
What torment I did find thee in; thy groans
What torch is yond, that vainly lends his light
What tongueless blocks were they! would not they speak?
What title hast thou, traitor, to the crown?
What time the shepherd, blowing of his nails,
What though the mast be now blown overboard,
What though I kill'd her husband and her father?
What thou shouldst be: the occasion speaks thee, and
What thou dost know of noble Gloucester's death,
What thinkest thou, will our friends prove all true?
What think'st thou? is it not an easy matter
What think'st thou, then, of Stanley? what will he?
What think you, if he were convey'd to bed,
What think you of it?
What they are used to bear.
What then?
What then?
What then?
What then?
What then, sir?
What then!
What then remains, we being thus arrived
What talk you of debating? in few words,
What subject can give sentence on his king?
What studied torments, tyrant, hast for me?
What stratagems, how fell, how butcherly,
What storm is this that blows so contrary?
What stays had I but they? and they are gone.
What stay had we but Clarence? and he's gone.
What stay had I but Edward? and he's gone.
What stars do spangle heaven with such beauty,
What sport shall we devise here in this garden,
What sorrow craves acquaintance at my hand,
What sin you do to save a brother's life,
What simpleness is this! I come, I come!
What shrill-voiced suppliant makes this eager cry?
What shouts are these? The other side o' the city
What should you fear?
What should the people do with these bald tribunes?
What should it be, that they so shriek abroad?
What should I do?
What she should shame to know herself
What shall we do?
What shall become of me?
What shall be done, sir, with the groaning Juliet?
What shall I swear by?
What shall I say? to safeguard thine own life,
What shall I do? say what; what shall I do?
What service wilt thou do me, if I give them?
What seal is that, that hangs without thy bosom?
What scene of death hath Roscius now to act?
What says your highness to my just demand?
What says the other troop?
What says my brother?
What says his majesty?
What says he?
What says he?
What says he of our marriage? what of that?
What says King Bolingbroke? will his majesty
What sayest thou? speak suddenly; be brief.
What sayest thou, Biondello?
What say'st thou? hast thou not a word of joy?
What say'st thou, my dear nurse?
What say'st thou, Henry, wilt thou yield the crown?
What say you? can you love the gentleman?
What say you, uncle?
What say you to a piece of beef and mustard?
What say you to a neat's foot?
What say you now? what comfort have we now?
What satisfaction canst thou have to-night?
What said the wench when he rose again?
What said our cousin when you parted with him?
What said my man, when my betossed soul
What said Northumberland as touching Richmond?
What reverence he did throw away on slaves,
What raiment will your honour wear to-day?
What proclamation, man?
What power the Duke of York had levied there;
What pledge have we of thy firm loyalty?
What pleasure was he given to?
What peace you'll make, advise me: for my part,
What other pleasure can the world afford?
What one, my lord?
What of his heart perceive you in his face
What now remains, my lords, for us to do
What noise there, ho?
What noise is this? Give me my long sword, ho!
What noise is here?
What news? what news?
What news, what news, in this our tottering state?
What news, my friend?
What news, friar, of the duke?
What news from Oxford? hold those justs and triumphs?
What news abroad?
What news abroad i' the world?
What my tongue speaks my right drawn sword may prove.
What my tongue dares not, that my heart shall say.
What mutter you, or what conspire you, lords?
What must the king do now? must he submit?
What must be shall be.
What must I say?
What must I do?
What more remains?
What more fearful?
What misadventure is so early up,
What men of name resort to him?
What men of name are slain on either side?
What means this scene of rude impatience?
What means our cousin, that he stares and looks
What means Sicilia?
What mean these masterless and gory swords
What may she not? She may, yea, marry, may she--
What may befall him, to his harm and ours:
What may be sworn by, both divine and human,
What manner of fellow was he that robbed you?
What man thou art.
What man art thou that thus bescreen'd in night
What makes this change?
What maids lack from head to heel:
What love, think'st thou, I sue so much to get?
What likelihood of his amendment, lords?
What less than dooms-day is the prince's doom?
What lay before them.
What lawful quest have given their verdict up
What late misfortune is befall'n King Edward?
What lady-she her lord. You'll stay?
What is't? a spirit?
What is't, knave?
What is't your highness' pleasure I shall do at
What is't thou canst demand?
What is't o'clock?
What is't o'clock?
What is your will?
What is your will?
What is your will, sir, that you send for me?
What is your quarrel? how began it first?
What is your crest? a coxcomb?
What is thy sentence then but speechless death,
What is thy news then?
What is thy name? and wherefore comest thou hither,
What is thy name?
What is this? sport?
What is this?
What is the time o' the day?
What is the news i' the court?
What is the news from this good deputy?
What is the matter?
What is the matter?
What is the matter, uncle? speak;
What is the matter, my lord?
What is the matter with our cousin now?
What is the matter
What is the jay more precious than the lark,
What is the city but the people?
What is the business?
What is the body when the head is off?
What is that curt'sy worth? or those doves' eyes,
What is that Barnardine who is to be executed in the
What is six winters? they are quickly gone.
What is she but a foul contending rebel
What is it?--Coriolanus must I call thee?--
What is it?
What is it, but to make thy sepulchre
What is it else? a madness most discreet,
What is his name?
What is his name?
What is her mother?
What is her burying grave that is her womb,
What is he, Biondello?
What is granted them?
What is become of Marcius?
What is become of Bushy? where is Green?
What is about to be? I am out of breath;
What incidency thou dost guess of harm
What impossible matter will he make easy next?
What if this mixture do not work at all?
What if it be a poison, which the friar
What if her eyes were there, they in her head?
What if he had said 'widower AEneas' too? Good Lord,
What if both Lewis and Warwick be appeased
What if a man bring him a hundred pound or two, to
What holier than, for royalty's repair,
What his breast forges, that his tongue must vent;
What heir of York is there alive but we?
What he cannot help in his nature, you account a
What have you to do here, fellow? Pray you, avoid
What have you done? Behold, the heavens do ope,
What hast thou found?
What hast here? ballads?
What has he done to Rome that's worthy death?
What good is this to England and himself!
What good is cover'd with the face of heaven,
What good condition can a treaty find
What further woe conspires against mine age?
What from your grace I shall deliver to him.
What foul play had we, that we came from thence?
What follows this?
What fit is this, good lady?
What figure of us think you he will bear?
What fellow's this?
What fear is this which startles in our ears?
What faults he made before the last, I think
What fates impose, that men must needs abide;
What ever have been thought on in this state,
What else? and that succession be determined.
What else?
What early tongue so sweet saluteth me?
What duty they do owe their lords and husbands.
What dreadful noise of waters in mine ears!
What dowry shall I have with her to wife?
What doth she say, my Lord of Buckingham?
What doth our cousin lay to Mowbray's charge?
What doth her beauty serve, but as a note
What doth befall you here. So, fare you well;
What dost thou, or what art thou, Angelo?
What dost thou then in prison?
What dogs are these! Where is the rascal cook?
What do you think?
What do you prate of service?
What do ye talk?
What do I fear?  myself?  there's none else by:
What devil art thou, that dost torment me thus?
What dangers, by his highness' fail of issue,
What danger or what sorrow can befall thee,
What custom wills, in all things should we do't,
What cursed foot wanders this way to-night,
What curious eye doth quote deformities?
What countryman, I pray?
What counsel, lords? Edward from Belgia,
What counsel give you? whither shall we fly?
What could the belly answer?
What comfortable hour canst thou name,
What comfort, man? how is't with aged Gaunt?
What comfort is for Claudio?
What colour for my visitation shall I
What colour are your eyebrows?
What cheer? how is't with you, best brother?
What cause, do you think, I have to swoon?
What case stand I in? I must be the poisoner
What canst thou swear by now?
What cannot be, slight work.
What cannot be amended.
What can you vouch against him, Signior Lucio?
What but to speak of would offend again.
What black magician conjures up this fiend,
What became of his bark and his followers?
What authority surfeits on would relieve us: if they
What art thou? and how comest thou hither,
What are you?
What are you, sir?
What are you sewing here? A fine spot, in good
What are they, I beseech your ladyship?
What are they that fly there?
What answers Clarence to his sovereign's will?
What answer shall I make to this base man?
What answer makes King Lewis unto our letters?
What an exchange had this been without boot! What
What an arm he has! he turned me about with his
What am I, sir! nay, what are you, sir? O immortal
What advocate hast thou to him?
What a strange drowsiness possesses them!
What a pestilent knave is this same!
What a merit were it in death to take this poor maid
What a blow was there given!
What Tranio did, myself enforced him to;
What I have written to you?
What I have spoke: but farewell compliment!
What I have spoke, or thou canst worse devise.
What I have said, Bianca, get you in:
What I command, I'll rack thee with old cramps,
What I can urge against him. Although it seems,
What Eve, what serpent, hath suggested thee
What Clarence but a quicksand of deceit?
What 'unjust'!
What 'twere to lose it, and be miserable!
What 'tis to cram a maw or clothe a back
Wert thou the Hector
Wert thou not brother to great Edward's son,
Wert thou not banished on pain of death?
Wert thou environ'd with a brazen wall.
Wert thou as young as I, Juliet thy love,
Were't not that, by great preservation,
Were you well served, you would be taught your duty.
Were you sworn to the duke, or to the deputy?
Were you in my stead, would you have heard
Were to us all, that do't and suffer it,
Were to incense the boar to follow us
Were thinly scatter'd, to make up a show.
Were there necessity in your request, although
Were then but subjects; being now a subject,
Were testimonies against his worth and credit
Were slily crept into his human powers
Were shame enough to shame thee, wert thou not shameless.
Were red-hot steel, to sear me to the brain!
Were play'd in jest by counterfeiting actors?
Were of an age: well, Susan is with God;
Were not you then as cruel as the sentence
Were not the proof so nigh. Please you, great sir,
Were not so rich a jewel. Thou wast a soldier
Were not revenge sufficient for me;
Were never orphans had so dear a loss!
Were never for a piece of beauty rarer,
Were most impertinent.
Were liken'd oft to kingly sepulchres;
Were jocund, and supposed their state was sure,
Were it to call King Edward's widow sister,
Were it not that my fellow-school-master
Were it not pity that this goodly boy
Were it but told you, should be hooted at
Were it better, I should rush in thus.
Were in your love a whip to me; my stay
Were in wild hurry. Here do we make his friends
Were in a mask?
Were in Arabia, and thy tribe before him,
Were he to stand for consul, never would he
Were he the veriest antic in the world.
Were he the butcher of my son, he should
Were he my kinsman, brother, or my son,
Were he my brother, nay, my kingdom's heir,
Were he more angry at it.
Were he as famous and as bold in war
Were half to half the world by the ears and he.
Were for myself: and so, my lord, adieu.
Were fit for thee to use as they to claim,
Were feverous and did tremble.
Were factious for the house of Lancaster;
Were equal poise of sin and charity.
Were enough noble to be upright judge
Were damnable.
Were by the swords of common soldiers slain.
Were but one danger, and to keep him here
Were but a feigned friend to our proceedings:
Were brought me of your loss and his depart.
Were brass impregnable, and humour'd thus
Were best he do it secretly, alone.
Were as seven vials of his sacred blood,
Were I the ghost that walk'd, I'ld bid you mark
Were I but where 'tis spoken.
Were I but now the lord of such hot youth
Were I as patient as the midnight sleep,
Wept like two children in their deaths' sad stories.
Went through the army, cheering up the soldiers.
Went they not quickly, I should die with laughing.
Went all afoot in summer's scalding heat,
Well; what's your suit?
Well; what has he done?
Well; the matter?
Well; come to me to-morrow.
Well-minded Clarence, be thou fortunate!
Well, your imprisonment shall not be long;
Well, you'll answer this one day. Fare ye well.
Well, you have made a simple choice; you know not
Well, you are come to me in a happy time;
Well, what was yours?
Well, what then? what then?
Well, what then?
Well, well; there's one yonder arrested and carried
Well, well, we'll leave you.
Well, well, thou hast a careful father, child;
Well, well, sir, well.
Well, well, put up your sword.
Well, well, no more.
Well, well, no more of that.
Well, well, he was the covert'st shelter'd traitor
Well, well, I see the issue of these arms:
Well, well see't. Come, madam wife, sit by my side
Well, we may meet again.
Well, thou hast comforted me marvellous much.
Well, think of marriage now; younger than you,
Well, there went but a pair of shears between us.
Well, then, no more but this: go, gentle Catesby,
Well, then, imprison him: if imprisonment be the
Well, then, farewell.
Well, somewhat we must do. Come, cousin, I'll
Well, sir; what did this gentleman to her?
Well, sir; my mistress is the sweetest lady--Lord,
Well, sir.
Well, sir.
Well, sir, what answer made the belly?
Well, sir, to do you courtesy,
Well, sir, in brief, the gown is not for me.
Well, sir, as you guess, as you guess?
Well, say. Peace, ho!
Well, say there is no kingdom then for Richard;
Well, peace be with you, sir: here comes my man.
Well, on to the market-place.
Well, no more.
Well, no more of it, Master Froth: farewell.
Well, my lord.
Well, my lord.
Well, my lord,
Well, my dread lord; so must I call you now.
Well, mildly be it then. Mildly!
Well, madam, and in health.
Well, lords, the Duke of Lancaster is dead.
Well, let us to the king: there is that in this
Well, let us go together.
Well, let them rest. Come hither, Catesby.
Well, let that pass. Dorset is fled to Richmond.
Well, let it strike.
Well, let her be admitted.
Well, jest on, brothers: I can tell you both
Well, in that hit you miss: she'll not be hit
Well, if you be a king crown'd with content,
Well, here he comes.
Well, he may chance to do some good on her:
Well, he is gone; and with him go these thoughts.
Well, he in time may come to clear himself;
Well, go, prepare yourself.
Well, go with me and be not so discomfited:
Well, go thy ways, old lad; for thou shalt ha't.
Well, give me the moiety. Are you a party in this business?
Well, girl, thou weep'st not so much for his death,
Well, gentlemen,
Well, forward, forward! thus the bowl should run,
Well, do not swear: although I joy in thee,
Well, come, my Kate; we will unto your father's
Well, call them again. I am not made of stone,
Well, but what's o'clock?
Well, bring our lady hither to our sight;
Well, bear you well in this new spring of time,
Well, be't so, prithee.
Well, and say that Marcius
Well, Petruchio, this has put me in heart.
Well, Juliet, I will lie with thee to-night.
Well, I'll hear it, sir: yet you must not think to
Well, I will for refuge straight to Bristol castle:
Well, I say no: and therefore for assurance
Well, I must do't:
Well, I have done: but yet,--
Well, I do so.
Well, I beseech you, let it be proclaimed betimes
Well,
Well you deserve: they well deserve to have,
Well with this lord: there was not full a month
Well thought upon; I have it here about me.
Well then, I pray, your price o' the consulship?
Well ta'en, and like a buzzard.
Well struck in years, fair, and not jealous;
Well seen in music, to instruct Bianca;
Well said: follow me this jest now till thou hast
Well said, noble woman?
Well said, my hearts! You are a princox; go:
Well said, master; mum! and gaze your fill.
Well said, Hermione.
Well might they fester 'gainst ingratitude,
Well met, my lord; I am glad to see your honour.
Well mayst thou woo, and happy be thy speed!
Well may I get aboard! This is the chase:
Well have you heard, but something hard of hearing:
Well have you argued, sir; and, for your pains,
Well have we pass'd and now repass'd the seas
Well hast thou spoken, cousin: be it so.
Well guess'd, believe me; for that was my meaning.
Well get you gone: o' Thursday be it, then.
Well done, my lord.
Well demanded, wench:
Well begun, Tranio.
Well are you welcome to the open air.
Well aim'd of such a young one.
Well I will arm me, being thus forewarn'd:
Welcome, you;--how now, you;-- what, you;--fellow,
Welcome, then.
Welcome, sweet prince, to London, to your chamber.
Welcome, my son: who are the violets now
Welcome, my lords. I wot your love pursues
Welcome, my lord: what, will our mother come?
Welcome, my lord, to this brave town of York.
Welcome, my lord what is the news?
Welcome, my lord how far off lies your power?
Welcome, ladies, Welcome!
Welcome, how agreed?
Welcome, good Clarence; this is brotherlike.
Welcome, good Cambio.
Welcome, gentlemen! ladies that have their toes
Welcome, gentlemen! I have seen the day
Welcome, destruction, death, and massacre!
Welcome, dear cousin, my thoughts' sovereign
Welcome, brave Warwick! What brings thee to France?
Welcome, Sir John! But why come you in arms?
Welcome, Harry: what, will not this castle yield?
Welcome! one mess is like to be your cheer:
Welcome to Rome, renowned Coriolanus!
Welcome to Rome, renowned Coriolanus!
Welcome my lord; I dance attendance here;
Welcome home, Grumio!
Welcome from Mantua: what says Romeo?
Welcome father.
Weigh'd between loathness and obedience, at
Weigh it but with the grossness of this age,
Weeping and wailing over Tybalt's corse:
Weeping again the king my father's wreck,
Weep, wretched man, I'll aid thee tear for tear;
Weep thou for me in France, I for thee here;
Wednesday half an hour together: has such a
Wedges of gold, great anchors, heaps of pearl,
Wears this war's garland: in token of the which,
Wear it, enjoy it, and make much of it.
Wear both of them, for both of them are thine.
Weapons, weapons, weapons!
Weak men must fall, for heaven still guards the right.
We, having now the best at Barnet field,
We'll yoke together, like a double shadow
We'll visit Caliban my slave, who never
We'll thwack him hence with distaffs.
We'll surety him.
We'll show thee Io as she was a maid,
We'll serve Him too and be his fellow so:
We'll quickly rouse the traitors in the same.
We'll pass the business privately and well.
We'll part the time between's then; and in that
We'll over-reach the greybeard, Gremio,
We'll never leave till we have hewn thee down,
We'll measure them a measure, and be gone.
We'll make foul weather with despised tears;
We'll make an instrument of this, omit
We'll keep no great ado,--a friend or two;
We'll keep him here: then what is that to him?
We'll hear no more.
We'll have this song out anon by ourselves: my
We'll have no Cupid hoodwink'd with a scarf,
We'll forward towards Warwick and his mates;
We'll calm the Duke of Norfolk, you your son.
We'll all assist you; he that flies shall die.
We would so, and then go a bat-fowling.
We would as willingly give cure as know.
We will, my noble lord.
We will unite the white rose and the red:
We will so: almost all
We will persuade him, be it possible,
We will ourself in person to this war:
We will not from the helm to sit and weep,
We will meet them,
We will have vengeance for it, fear thou not:
We will have rings and things and fine array;
We will go walk a little in the orchard,
We will for Ireland; and 'tis time, I trow:
We will descend and fold him in our arms.
We will before the walls of Rome tomorrow
We will be there before the stream o' the people;
We were, fair queen,
We were not born to sue, but to command;
We were elected theirs, Marcius is worthy
We were dissever'd: hastily lead away.
We were as twinn'd lambs that did frisk i' the sun,
We waste our lights in vain, like lamps by day.
We wait upon your grace.
We two, my lord,
We two have sworn shall come.
We tread upon, and never think of it.
We took this mattock and this spade from him,
We three here art that ne'er shall meet again.
We three are married, but you two are sped.
We three are but thyself; and, speaking so,
We thank your honour.
We thank you both: yet one but flatters us,
We thank thee, gentle Percy, for thy pains;
We talk here in the public haunt of men:
We sucking on her natural bosom find,
We stood to't in good time.
We still have known thee for a holy man.
We stay here for the people.
We speak no treason, man: we say the king
We should infringe the holy privilege
We should by this, to all our lamentation,
We shill employ thee in a worthier place.
We shall proceed with Angelo.
We shall not marry till thou bid'st us.
We shall entreat you to abide here till he come and
We shall be shorten'd in our aim, which was
We shall be short in our provision:
We shall be much unfurnished for this time.
We shall be joyful of thy company.
We shall be charged again. Whiles we have struck,
We shall be blest to do, if he remember
We set the axe to thy usurping root;
We see the wind sit sore upon our sails,
We see the very wreck that we must suffer;
We see the ground whereon these woes do lie;
We say that Shore's wife hath a pretty foot,
We render you the tenth, to be ta'en forth,
We recommend to you, tribunes of the people,
We prove this very hour.
We pray with heart and soul and all beside:
We pray the gods he may deserve your loves.
We pout upon the morning, are unapt
We never yet made doubt but Rome was ready
We need not put new matter to his charge:
We need no more of your advice: the matter,
We need no grave to bury honesty:
We must talk in secret:--nurse, come back again;
We must supplant those rough rug-headed kerns,
We must suggest the people in what hatred
We must proceed as we do find the people.
We must not make a scarecrow of the law,
We must both give and take, my gracious lord.
We must be neat; not neat, but cleanly, captain:
We must be brief when traitors brave the field.
We might recover all our loss again;
We met, we woo'd and made exchange of vow,
We met here both to thank and to remember
We may, sir, if we will.
We may surprise and take him at our pleasure?
We may live, son, to shed many more.
We may digest our complots in some form.
We make woe wanton with this fond delay:
We lop away, that bearing boughs may live:
We live to tell it you, the subtle traitor
We let the people know't.
We know't, we know't.
We know your drift: speak what?
We know thy charge, Brakenbury, and will obey.
We kill the fowl of season: shall we serve heaven
We hope to find you our friend; and therefore give
We honour you with trouble: but we came
We hear not of him, neither need we fear him;
We have: whereupon the Earl of Worcester
We have.
We have with a leaven'd and prepared choice
We have strict statutes and most biting laws.
We have some old crab-trees here
We have record that very well it can,
We have power in ourselves to do it, but it is a
We have not yet set down this day of triumph.
We have not yet been seen in any house,
We have made to endure friends, that you directly
We have made inquiry of you; and we hear
We have led since thy exile. Think with thyself
We have landed in ill time: the skies look grimly
We have ever your good word.
We have deserved it.
We have compounded on.
We have been down together in my sleep,
We have been called so of many; not that our heads
We have at disadvantage fought and did
We have as many friends as enemies.
We have always truly served you, and beseech you
We have a trifling foolish banquet towards.
We have a power on foot; and I had purpose
We hate alike:
We had the tune on't a month ago.
We give thee up our guiltless blood to drink.
We follow'd then our lord, our lawful king:
We follow thee.
We do, sir; tell us what hath brought you to't.
We do request your kindest ears, and after,
We do it not alone, sir.
We do instate and widow you withal,
We do debase ourselves, cousin, do we not,
We do condemn thee to the very block
We did observe. Cousin Aumerle,
We did believe no less.
We could at once put us in readiness,
We come to use our hands and not our tongues.
We charge you, that you have contrived to take
We charge you, in God's name, and the king's,
We cannot, sir, we are undone already.
We cannot without circumstance descry.
We cannot weigh our brother with ourself:
We cannot miss him: he does make our fire,
We cannot keep the town.
We cannot be here and there too. Cheerly, boys; be
We can: my royal liege,
We can both sing it: if thou'lt bear a part, thou
We call a nettle but a nettle and
We bodged again; as I have seen a swan
We be affied and such assurance ta'en
We are, my lord; and come to have the warrant
We are yours i' the garden: shall's attend you there?
We are undone, lady, we are undone!
We are true subjects to the king, King Edward.
We are tougher, brother,
We are to speak in public; for this business
We are to reap the harvest of his son.
We are the queen's abjects, and must obey.
We are the greater poll, and in true fear
We are not, sir, nor are we like to be;
We are not safe, Clarence; we are not safe.
We are not furnish'd like Bohemia's son,
We are merely cheated of our lives by drunkards:
We are lucky, boy; and to be so still requires
We are less afraid to be drowned than thou art.
We are inforced to farm our royal realm;
We are fit to bid her welcome.
We are convented
We are but plain fellows, sir.
We are blest in this man, as I may say, even blest.
We are amazed; and thus long have we stood
We are all undone, unless
We are all frail.
We are advertised by our loving friends
We are accounted poor citizens, the patricians good.
We all have strongly sworn to give him aid;
Wave thus, to express his disposition,
Water with berries in't, and teach me how
Watching breeds leanness, leanness is all gaunt:
Watch'd for your voices; for Your voices bear
Wast born to bear? I was not made a horse;
Wash they his wounds with tears: mine shall be spent,
Wash my fierce hand in's heart. Go you to the city;
Was't you that revell'd in our parliament,
Was wont to cheer his dad in mutinies?
Was woe enough, if it had ended there:
Was to send him; for whose old love I have,
Was timed with dying cries: alone he enter'd
Was this the face that faced so many follies,
Was the first man that leap'd; cried, 'Hell is empty
Was that my father that went hence so fast?
Was stay'd by accident, and yesternight
Was stabb'd with bloody daggers: God, I pray him,
Was sent to by my brother; one Lucio
Was not our recompense, resting well assured
Was not my lord
Was not incensed by his subtle mother
Was not a man my father? Hadst thou foxship
Was not Gaunt just, and is not Harry true?
Was never widow had so dear a loss!
Was never mother had so dear a loss!
Was ne'er distributed.
Was my great father-in-law, renowned Warwick;
Was my beloved in Rome: yet thou behold'st!
Was mutually committed?
Was like to be the best.
Was it not to refresh the mind of man
Was it not so?
Was it not she and that good man of worship,
Was it more precious to me than 'tis now:
Was innocence for innocence; we knew not
Was in the wreck; and, but he's something stain'd
Was his great ancestor.
Was he met there? his train? Camillo with him?
Was grown into a hoop? hast thou forgot her?
Was fast belock'd in thine; this is the body
Was ever woman in this humour woo'd?
Was ever woman in this humour won?
Was ever son so rued a father's death?
Was ever match clapp'd up so suddenly?
Was ever man so proud as is this Marcius?
Was ever king so grieved for subjects' woe?
Was ever gentleman thus grieved as I?
Was ever father so bemoan'd his son?
Was ever book containing such vile matter
Was dukedom large enough: of temporal royalties
Was done to death? and more than so, my father,
Was crown'd in Paris but at nine months old.
Was brow-bound with the oak. His pupil age
Was aptly fitted and naturally perform'd.
Was Tybalt's dooms-day, whose untimely death
Was I then to you!
Was Duke of Milan; and thou his only heir
Was Ajax, call'd so from his grandfather.
Warwick, what are thy news? and yours, fair queen?
Warwick, this is some post to us or thee.
Warwick, these words have turn'd my hate to love;
Warwick, although my head still wear the crown,
Warwick may lose, that now hath won the day.
Warwick is chancellor and the lord of Calais;
Warwick and Clarence give me both your hands:
Wars have not wasted it, for warr'd he hath not,
Warm and new kill'd.
Wanting the manage of unruly jades.
Walter, Sugarsop and the rest: let their heads be
Wait you on him, I charge you, as becomes,
Wailing our losses, whiles the foe doth rage;
Wafting his eyes to the contrary and falling
WESTMORELAND:
WESTMORELAND:
WESTMORELAND:
WESTMORELAND:
WESTMORELAND:
WESTMORELAND:
WARWICK:
WARWICK:
WARWICK:
WARWICK:
WARWICK:
WARWICK:
WARWICK:
WARWICK:
WARWICK:
WARWICK:
WARWICK:
WARWICK:
WARWICK:
WARWICK:
WARWICK:
WARWICK:
WARWICK:
WARWICK:
WARWICK:
WARWICK:
WARWICK:
WARWICK:
WARWICK:
WARWICK:
WARWICK:
WARWICK:
WARWICK:
WARWICK:
WARWICK:
WARWICK:
WARWICK:
WARWICK:
WARWICK:
WARWICK:
WARWICK:
WARWICK:
WARWICK:
WARWICK:
WARWICK:
WARWICK:
WARWICK:
WARWICK:
WARWICK:
WARWICK:
WARWICK:
WARWICK:
WARWICK:
WARWICK:
WARWICK:
WARWICK:
WARWICK:
WARWICK:
WARWICK:
WARWICK:
WARWICK:
WARWICK:
WARWICK:
WARWICK:
WARWICK:
WARWICK:
WARWICK:
WARWICK:
WARWICK:
WARWICK:
WARWICK:
WARWICK:
WARWICK:
WARWICK:
WARWICK:
WARWICK:
WARWICK:
WARWICK:
WARWICK:
WARWICK:
WARWICK:
WARWICK:
WARWICK:
WARWICK:
WARWICK:
WARWICK:
WARWICK:
WARWICK:
WARWICK:
WARWICK:
WARWICK:
WARWICK:
WARWICK:
WARWICK:
WARWICK:
WARWICK:
WARWICK:
WARWICK:
WARWICK:
WARWICK:
WARWICK:
WARWICK:
WARWICK:
WARWICK:
WARWICK:
Vouchsafe, divine perfection of a woman,
Vouchsafe, defused infection of a man,
Vouchsafe, at our request, to stand aside,
Vouchsafe to wear this ring.
Vouchsafe a word, young sister, but one word.
Volsce:
Volsce:
Volsce:
Volsce:
Volsce:
Volsce:
Volsce:
Volsce:
Volsce:
Voice, gait and action of a gentlewoman:
Visit his countrymen and banquet them?
Visit both prince and people: therefore, I prithee,
Virtuous and fair, royal and gracious.
Virtue with valour couched in thine eye.
Virtue itself: these shrugs, these hums and ha's,
Virtue itself turns vice, being misapplied;
Virtue is bold, and goodness never fearful. Have
Virtue and that part of philosophy
Vincetino's son brought up in Florence
Vincetino come of Bentivolii.
Villains, set down the corse; or, by Saint Paul,
Villain, thy own hand yields thy death's instrument.
Villain, thou know'st no law of God nor man:
Villain, not for thy life: take up my mistress'
Villain, I'll make thee safe.
Villain, I say, knock me here soundly.
Villain, I say, knock me at this gate
Vilely bound up? What would he say? Or how
Vile earth, to earth resign; end motion here;
Vienna ten year, I'll rent the fairest house in it
Vices, I would say, sir. I know this man well: he
Vex not yourself, nor strive not with your breath;
Very well; and could be content to give him good
Very well: you being then, if you be remembered,
Very well:
Very well.
Very well.
Very well met, and well come.
Very well mended. Kiss him for that, good widow.
Very true, sir; he, sir, he; that's the rogue that
Very true, and but a month old.
Very sooth, to-morrow.
Very ready, sir.
Very nobly
Very foul.
Verona, for a while I take my leave,
Verona's summer hath not such a flower.
Verily, I speak it in the freedom of my knowledge:
Verily, I do not jest with you; there came news from
Verily!
Vaughan, and all that have miscarried
Varlet, thou liest; thou liest, wicked varlet! the
Valance of Venice gold in needlework,
Vagabond exile, raying, pent to linger
VOLUMNIA:
VOLUMNIA:
VOLUMNIA:
VOLUMNIA:
VOLUMNIA:
VOLUMNIA:
VOLUMNIA:
VOLUMNIA:
VOLUMNIA:
VOLUMNIA:
VOLUMNIA:
VOLUMNIA:
VOLUMNIA:
VOLUMNIA:
VOLUMNIA:
VOLUMNIA:
VOLUMNIA:
VOLUMNIA:
VOLUMNIA:
VOLUMNIA:
VOLUMNIA:
VOLUMNIA:
VOLUMNIA:
VOLUMNIA:
VOLUMNIA:
VOLUMNIA:
VOLUMNIA:
VOLUMNIA:
VOLUMNIA:
VOLUMNIA:
VOLUMNIA:
VOLUMNIA:
VOLUMNIA:
VOLUMNIA:
VOLUMNIA:
VOLUMNIA:
VOLUMNIA:
VOLUMNIA:
VOLUMNIA:
VOLUMNIA:
VOLUMNIA:
VOLUMNIA:
VOLUMNIA:
VOLUMNIA:
VOLUMNIA:
VOLUMNIA:
VOLUMNIA:
VOLUMNIA:
VOLUMNIA:
VOLUMNIA:
VOLUMNIA:
VOLUMNIA:
VOLUMNIA:
VOLUMNIA:
VOLUMNIA:
VOLUMNIA:
VOLUMNIA:
VIRGILIA:
VIRGILIA:
VIRGILIA:
VIRGILIA:
VIRGILIA:
VIRGILIA:
VIRGILIA:
VIRGILIA:
VIRGILIA:
VIRGILIA:
VIRGILIA:
VIRGILIA:
VIRGILIA:
VIRGILIA:
VIRGILIA:
VIRGILIA:
VIRGILIA:
VIRGILIA:
VIRGILIA:
VIRGILIA:
VIRGILIA:
VIRGILIA:
VIRGILIA:
VIRGILIA:
VIRGILIA:
VINCENTIO:
VINCENTIO:
VINCENTIO:
VINCENTIO:
VINCENTIO:
VINCENTIO:
VINCENTIO:
VINCENTIO:
VINCENTIO:
VINCENTIO:
VINCENTIO:
VINCENTIO:
VINCENTIO:
VINCENTIO:
VINCENTIO:
VINCENTIO:
VINCENTIO:
VINCENTIO:
VINCENTIO:
VINCENTIO:
VINCENTIO:
VINCENTIO:
VINCENTIO:
VAUGHAN:
VALERIA:
VALERIA:
VALERIA:
VALERIA:
VALERIA:
VALERIA:
VALERIA:
VALERIA:
VALERIA:
VALERIA:
VALERIA:
VALERIA:
VALERIA:
VALERIA:
Utter your gravity o'er a gossip's bowl;
Usurps the regal title and the seat
Usurp the just proportion of my sorrow?
Use careful watch, choose trusty sentinels.
Urge the necessity and state of times,
Urge neither charity nor shame to me:
Urge it no more; lest that, instead of words,
Urge it no more, my Lord Northumberland.
Upon's again.
Upon your favours swims with fins of lead
Upon what cause?
Upon thy words, that kill mine eye and heart!
Upon thy wicked dam, come forth!
Upon thy tongue as in my thought: now, good now,
Upon thy doings: thousand escapes of wit
Upon this present action.
Upon this overweening traitor's foot,
Upon this island as a spy, to win it
Upon this ground; and more it would content me
Upon these slanderers.
Upon them! victory sits on our helms.
Upon their woes whom fortune captivates!
Upon their spotted souls for this offence!
Upon their ancient malice will forget
Upon the wounds his body bears, which show
Upon the water as he'll stand and read
Upon the sweetest flower of all the field.
Upon the stroke of ten.
Upon the stroke of four.
Upon the stroke of four.
Upon the sisterhood, the votarists of Saint Clare.
Upon the part o' the people, in whose power
Upon the like devotion as yourselves,
Upon the innocent and aweless throne:
Upon the heavy middle of the night
Upon the hatches: thence we looked toward England,
Upon the grassy carpet of this plain.
Upon the giddy footing of the hatches,
Upon the company you overtake?
Upon that Clifford, that cruel child-killer.
Upon surmises, all proofs sleeping else
Upon so soft a subject as myself!
Upon remainder of a dear account,
Upon record, my gracious lord.
Upon our territories; and have already
Upon my target three fair-shining suns.
Upon my soul, the hearers will shed tears;
Upon my party, I'ld revolt to make
Upon my part shall be unviolable.
Upon my life, she finds, although I cannot,
Upon my life, my lord, I'll under-take it;
Upon my life, Petruchio means but well,
Upon my life, I am a lord indeed
Upon my head and all this famous land.
Upon my faith and honour.
Upon my daughter's head! Tell me, mine own.
Upon my body with their hellish charms?
Upon mine honour, thou shalt marry her.
Upon his visage, and that all the walls
Upon his passion; let myself and fortune
Upon his party: he, mistrusting them,
Upon his party.
Upon his party for the gain thereof:
Upon his palm!--How now, you wanton calf!
Upon his own report and I believe it;
Upon his brow shame is ashamed to sit;
Upon his body that slaughter'd him!
Upon his bad life to make all this good,
Upon him as he pass'd: the nobles bended,
Upon entreaty have a present aims;
Upon agreement from us to his liking,
Upon a wrong'd, I would fain have said, a maid!
Upon a rapier's point: stay, Tybalt, stay!
Upon a pleasing treaty, and have hearts
Upon a barren mountain and still winter
Upbraid's with our distress. But, sure, if you
Up.
Up, sir, go with me;
Up, cousin, up; your heart is up, I know,
Up with my tent there! here will I lie tonight;
Up with my tent there! Valiant gentlemen,
Up to the ears. Come, we burn daylight, ho!
Up to some scaffold, there to lose their heads?
Up in my heart; which I have given already,
Unworthy thee,--if ever henceforth thou
Unworthy as she is, that we have wrought
Unwieldy, slow, heavy and pale as lead.
Unvenerable be thy hands, if thou
Untutor'd lad, thou art too malapert.
Untouch'd, or slightly handled, in discourse
Unto these sorrows.
Unto their losses twenty thousand crowns;
Unto their lords, by them accomplished:
Unto the wished haven of my bliss.
Unto the white-upturned wondering eyes
Unto the sovereign mercy of the king;
Unto the shore, to ask those on the banks
Unto the rigour of severest law.
Unto the kingdom of perpetual night.
Unto the frowning judge? or who pronounced
Unto the citizens, who haply may
Unto the brother of your loving bride;
Unto the appetite and affection common
Unto our sister Bona.
Unto my mother's prayers I bend my knee.
Unto my cell.
Unto my brother, Archbishop of York.
Unto his princely brother presently?
Unto a mad-brain rudesby full of spleen;
Unto a lineal true-derived course.
Unto Bianca, fair and virtuous.
Untimely storms make men expect a dearth.
Untimely smother'd in their dusky graves.
Until your lordship came to see his death;
Until you see her die again; for then
Until the white rose that I wear be dyed
Until the heavens, envying earth's good hap,
Until the elder sister first be wed:
Until the duke take order for his burial:
Until that act of parliament be repeal'd
Until my mis-shaped trunk that bears this head
Until my husband bid me.
Until a time may serve: for present vengeance,
Untainted, unexamined, free, at liberty
Unshout the noise that banish'd Marcius,
Unsheathe your sword, good father; cry 'Saint George!'
Unsheathe your sword, and dub him presently.
Unseparable, shall within this hour,
Unseemly woman in a seeming man!
Unsavoury news! but how made he escape?
Unrip'dst the bowels of thy sovereign's son.
Unreasonable creatures feed their young;
Unplagued with corns will have a bout with you.
Unpeopled offices, untrodden stones?
Unmeritable shuns your high request.
Unmanner'd dog! stand thou, when I command:
Unlikely wonders; how these vain weak nails
Unless, by using means, I lame the foot
Unless, by not so doing, our good city
Unless you will accompany me thither.
Unless you were of gentler, milder mould.
Unless you please to enter in the castle
Unless you have the grace by your fair prayer
Unless you call it good to pity him,
Unless to spy my shadow in the sun
Unless thou tell me how I may prevent it:
Unless thou rescue him from foul despair?
Unless thou couldst put on some other shape,
Unless they seek for hatred at my hands;
Unless the adage must be verified,
Unless the Lady Bona quit his pain.
Unless that husband send it me from heaven
Unless philosophy can make a Juliet,
Unless our halberds did shut up his passage.
Unless my hand and strength could equal them.
Unless it be whilst some tormenting dream
Unless his noble mother, and his wife;
Unless he take the course that you have done,
Unless he seek to thrust you out perforce.
Unless he do profane, steal, or usurp.
Unless good counsel may the cause remove.
Unless for that, my liege, I cannot guess.
Unless for that he comes to be your liege,
Unless another,
Unless abroad they purchase great alliance?
Unless a pardon ere I rise or speak.
Unless Plantagenet, Duke of York, be king,
Unless I have mista'en his colours much,
Unlawfully made drunk with innocents' blood!
Unknown to the beginning.
Uninhabitable and almost inaccessible,--
Unheard; what then?
Unhappy fortune! by my brotherhood,
Unhappy Claudio! wretched Isabel!
Unhappily, even so.
Ungovern'd youth, to wail it in their age;
Unfurnish me of reason. They are come.
Unfold the imagined happiness that both
Unfold the evil which is here wrapt up
Unfit to live or die: O gravel heart!
Uneven is the course, I like it not.
Under your sentence?
Under your great command. You are to know
Under your good correction, I have seen,
Under yond yew-trees lay thee all along,
Under whose shade the ramping lion slept,
Under whose heavy sense your brother's life
Under whose colours he had fought so long.
Under what title shall I woo for thee,
Under this thick-grown brake we'll shroud ourselves;
Under the gods, keep you in awe, which else
Under the colour of his usual game,
Under the canopy.
Under the canopy!
Under our tents I'll play the eaves-dropper,
Under my burthen groan'd; which raised in me
Under love's heavy burden do I sink.
Under Cominius.
Uncomfortable time, why camest thou now
Uncle, your grace knows how to bear with him.
Uncle, you say the queen is at your house;
Uncle, this is a Montague, our foe,
Uncle, my brother mocks both you and me;
Uncle, give me your hands: nay, dry your eyes;
Uncle, for God's sake, speak comfortable words.
Uncle, farewell: and, cousin too, adieu:
Uncle, even in the glasses of thine eyes
Unclasp'd my practise, quit his fortunes here,
Uncharitably with me have you dealt,
Uncertain way of gain! But I am in
Uncase thee; take my colour'd hat and cloak:
Unbuckling helms, fisting each other's throat,
Unbuckle, unbuckle.
Unbind my hands, I'll pull them off myself,
Unarm'd, and unresolved to beat them back:
Unapt to toil and trouble in the world,
Tyrrel, I mean those bastards in the Tower.
Tyrants themselves wept when it was reported.
Tyrannical power: if he evade us there,
Tying him to aught; so putting him to rage,
Tybalt, you rat-catcher, will you walk?
Tybalt, the reason that I have to love thee
Tybalt, the kinsman of old Capulet,
Tybalt, that murderer, which way ran he?
Tybalt, my cousin! O my brother's child!
Tybalt, liest thou there in thy bloody sheet?
Tybalt, here slain, whom Romeo's hand did slay;
Tybalt, Mercutio, the prince expressly hath
Tybalt, Lucio and the lively Helena.' A fair
Tybalt is gone, and Romeo banished;
Two, two; a shirt and a smock.
Two thousand ducats by the year of land!
Two such opposed kings encamp them still
Two props of virtue for a Christian prince,
Two of thy name, both Dukes of Somerset,
Two of the fairest stars in all the heaven,
Two of the dangerous consorted traitors
Two may keep counsel, putting one away?
Two lads that thought there was no more behind
Two kinsmen digg'd their graves with weeping eyes.
Two days ago. This jealousy
Two Cliffords, as the father and the son,
Twice treble shame on Angelo,
Twice saying 'pardon' doth not pardon twain,
Twice for one step I'll groan, the way being short,
Twice being  
Twenty-three years, and saw myself unbreech'd,
Twenty-three days
Twenty crowns.
Twenty crowns!
Twelve year since, Miranda, twelve year since,
Twelve several times, and I have nightly since
Tutus Aufidius, is he within your walls?
Tutor:
Tutor:
Tut, you saw her fair, none else being by,
Tut, were it farther off, I'll pluck it down.
Tut, tut, thou art all ice, thy kindness freezeth:
Tut, tut,
Tut, tut!
Tut, that's a foolish observation:
Tut, she's a lamb, a dove, a fool to him!
Tut, man, one fire burns out another's burning,
Tut, fear not me.
Tut, dun's the mouse, the constable's own word:
Tut, I have lost myself; I am not here;
Tut, I can counterfeit the deep tragedian;
Tut, I am strong-framed, he cannot prevail with me,
Tush, tush! fear boys with bugs.
Tush, tush!
Tush, thou art deceived:
Tush, that was in thy rage:
Tush, man, abodements must not now affright us:
Tush, I will stir about,
Tush, Gremio, though it pass your patience and mine
Tush!
Turns to the sourest and most deadly hate:
Turns to restraint. Our natures do pursue,
Turning his face to the dew-dropping south.
Turn you the key, and know his business of him;
Turn to another, this shall slay them both:
Turn this way, Henry, and regard them not.
Turn then my freshest reputation to
Turn thee, Benvolio, look upon thy death.
Turn terror into sport: as weeds before
Turn giddy, and be holp by backward turning;
Turn from their office to black funeral;
Turn back, dull earth, and find thy centre out.
Turn back and fly, like ships before the wind
Turn all to the best! These proclamations,
Tunis was never graced before with such a paragon to
Tullus Aufidius, that will put you to 't.
Tullus Aufidius will appear well in these wars, his
Tullus Aufidius then had made new head?
Tug for the time to come. This you may know
Trust to't, thou shalt not--on thy mother's womb,
Trust to't, bethink you; I'll not be forsworn.
Trust me, my lord, all hitherto goes well;
Trust me, I take him for the better dog.
Truly, the souls of men are full of dread:
Truly, sir, in my poor opinion, they will to't then.
Truly, sir, I would desire you to clap into your
Truly, sir, I am a poor fellow that would live.
Truly, officer, because he hath some offences in him
True; save means to live.
True; and therefore women, being the weaker vessels,
True.
True, when avoided grace makes destiny:
True, too true, my lord:
True, so I am.
True, noble prince.
True, my good lord; I know you for no less.
True, I talk of dreams,
True, Clifford; and that's Richard Duke of York.
True,
True! pow, wow.
True! I'll be sworn they are true.
True sword to sword, I'll potch at him some way
True ornaments to know a holy man.
True hope is swift, and flies with swallow's wings:
Trow you whither I am going? To Baptista Minola.
Troth, sir, she hath eaten up all her beef, and she
Troth, and your bum is the greatest thing about you;
Trimm'd like a younker prancing to his love!
Tribunes, give way; he shall to the market-place.
Tressel and Berkeley, go along with me.
Trembled and shook; for why, he stamp'd and swore,
Tremble at patience. You, my lord, best know,
Tremble and start at wagging of a straw,
Treason! foul treason! Villain! traitor! slave!
Tread on the sand; why, there you quickly sink:
Tread not upon him. Masters all, be quiet;
Travelling some journey, to repose him here.
Travel you far on, or are you at the farthest?
Transparent heretics, be burnt for liars!
Translate his malice towards you into love,
Transform'd and weaken'd? hath Bolingbroke deposed
Tranio, you jest: but have you both forsworn me?
Tranio, since for the great desire I had
Tranio, let's go: one thing more rests, that
Tranio, be so, because Lucentio loves:
Tranio, I saw her coral lips to move
Tranio, I burn, I pine, I perish, Tranio,
Tranio is changed into Lucentio.
Traitors!
Traitor! how now!
Trail your steel pikes. Though in this city he
Tradition, form and ceremonious duty,
Towards our assistance we do seize to us
Towards him I made, but he was ware of me
Towards her deserved children is enroll'd
Towards Phoebus' lodging: such a wagoner
Towards Ludlow then, for we'll not stay behind.
Towards Chertsey, noble lord?
Touching the weal o' the common, you shall find
Touching the jointure that your king must make,
Touching that point.
Touching King Henry's oath and your succession.
Touches me deeper than you can imagine.
Touch'd you the bastardy of Edward's children?
Torments him so, that he will sure run mad.
Torment myself to catch the English crown:
Took pains to make thee speak, taught thee each hour
Too well, too well thou tell'st a tale so ill.
Too swift arrives as tardy as too slow.
Too rude, too boisterous, and it pricks like thorn.
Too proud to be so valiant.
Too noble for this place.
Too much hair there, but in a semicircle
Too modest are you;
Too little payment for so great a debt.
Too like the lightning, which doth cease to be
Too light for such a swain as you to catch;
Too late? why, no; I, that do speak a word.
Too late he died that might have kept that title,
Too great oppression for a tender thing.
Too great for what contains it. Boy! O slave!
Too good to be so and too bad to live,
Too flattering-sweet to be substantial.
Too far in years to be a pupil now:
Too far i' the land: 'tis like to be loud weather;
Too familiar
Too early seen unknown, and known too late!
Too deep and dead, poor infants, in their grave.
Too ceremonious and traditional
Tongue-tied, our queen?
Tongue-tied ambition, not replying, yielded
Tongue far from heart--play with all virgins so:
Told thee no lies, made thee no mistakings, served
Told the sad story of my father's death,
Told me, the king, provoked by the queen,
Together working with thy jealousies,
Together with the terror of the place,--
Together with the seal o' the senate, what
To-night she is mew'd up to her heaviness.
To-morrow; to-day; presently; you shall have the
To-morrow, then, we will attend your grace:
To-morrow, then, I judge a happy day.
To-morrow, or next day, they will be here.
To-morrow, in mine opinion, is too sudden;
To-morrow's vengeance on the head of Richard.
To-morrow! O, that's sudden! Spare him, spare him!
To-morrow you set on.
To-morrow will it please you to be crown'd?
To-morrow will I send.
To-morrow then belike shall be the day,
To-morrow night look that thou lie alone;
To-morrow are let blood at Pomfret-castle;
To-morrow I intend to hunt again.
To-day, to-day, unhappy day, too late,
To-day, as I came by, I called there;
To-day the lords you talk of are beheaded.
To-day shalt thou behold a subject die
To, to, to--
To your worship's house, sir?
To your remembrances: but you have found,
To your own conscience, sir, before Polixenes
To your own bents dispose you: you'll be found,
To your high presence.
To your good prayers will scarcely say amen.
To you, my lord, I come, what lord you will,
To you and your behests, and am enjoin'd
To you and toward your friend, whose love had spoke,
To you a charge and trouble: to save both,
To yield your voices?
To yield what passes here.
To yield the ghost: but still the envious flood
To wreak the love I bore my cousin
To wound thy lord, thy king, thy governor:
To worthy danger and deserved death.
To worry lambs and lap their gentle blood,
To women of all fashion; lastly, hurried
To wit, an indigested and deformed lump,
To wish me wed to one half lunatic;
To win thy after-love I pardon thee.
To win our daughter.
To win a vulgar station: or veil'd dames
To wife for Edward: if this news be true,
To wield old partisans, in hands as old,
To whose high will we bound our calm contents.
To whose foul mouth no healthsome air breathes in,
To whose flint bosom my condemned lord
To whom, my lord?
To whom we all rest generally beholding.
To whom they go to. What will you read to her?
To whom the heavens in thy nativity
To whom should I complain? Did I tell this,
To whom my father is not all unknown;
To whom in all this presence speaks your grace?
To whom do lions cast their gentle looks?
To whom I will retail my conquest won,
To whom I am subdued, are but light to me,
To whom God will, there be the victory!
To where you are bound, you must inquire your way,
To what, I pray?
To what we wildly do, so we profess
To what we fear of death.
To what tune pleased his ear; that now he was
To weep is to make less the depth of grief:
To weed my vice and let his grow!
To wayward sickliness and age in him:
To watch the waning of mine adversaries.
To watch the night in storms, the day in cold,
To watch the fearful bending of thy knee,
To wash this blood off from my guilty hand:
To warn false traitors from the like attempts.
To wake our peace, which in our country's cradle
To wail the tide, as her mother doth.
To wail the dimming of our shining star;
To voice him consul: lay the fault on us.
To visit the next room, I'll presently
To visit him to-morrow or next day:
To vice you to't, that you have touch'd his queen
To use my wings. Impute it not a crime
To use my lawful sword!
To use it like a giant.
To use it for my time: I am a brother
To us that give you truly: by your patience,
To upstart unthrifts? Wherefore was I born?
To unstable slightness: purpose so barr'd,
To unpath'd waters, undream'd shores, most certain
To unloose this tied-up justice when you pleased:
To undertake the death of all the world,
To undergo such ample grace and honour,
To undercrest your good addition
To undeck the pompous body of a king;
To unbuild the city and to lay all flat.
To twinkle in their spheres till they return.
To turn your households' rancour to pure love.
To turn their own points on their masters' bosoms:
To try if thou be current gold indeed
To try her gracious fortune with Lord Angelo
To trust the mockery of unquiet slumbers
To triumph, like an Amazonian trull,
To trash for over-topping, new created
To touch his growth nearer than he touch'd mine.
To torture thee the more, being what thou art.
To tire your royalty.
To tie thee to my strong correction.
To thy false seeming! Blood, thou art blood:
To thrust the lie unto him.
To three thousand dolours a year.
To threaten me with death is most unlawful.
To thread the postern of a small needle's eye.'
To those whose dealings have deserved the place,
To this their late escape.
To this supposed, or else to let him suffer;
To this submission. Yet I well remember
To this same place, to this same monument.
To this pernicious caitiff deputy,--
To this my fair beloved: therefore, I pray you,
To this most patient, sweet and virtuous wife:
To think your father, by some accident,
To think upon you.
To think our former state a happy dream;
To think o' the teen that I have turn'd you to,
To think it was so? O, give me thy hand,
To think it should leave crying and say 'Ay.'
To think but nobly of my grandmother:
To think I can be undiscernible,
To them accordingly.
To thee, that hast nor honesty nor grace.
To thee, herself, and many a Christian soul,
To thee particularly and to all the Volsces
To thee I pray; sweet Clifford, pity me!
To thee I do commend my watchful soul,
To the winds whose pity, sighing back again,
To the vulgar eye, that he bears all things fairly.
To the utmost of a man, and giddy censure
To the under generation, you shall find
To the syllable.
To the strict deputy; bid herself assay him:
To the shore, that o'er his wave-worn basis bow'd,
To the rock, to the rock with him!
To the pot, I warrant him.
To the possession of thy royal hand:
To the people; not by your own instruction,
To the people, beg their stinking breaths.
To the people! Coriolanus, patience!
To the palace, an it like your worship.
To the noble heart. What's gone and what's past help
To the most of men this is a Caliban
To the lascivious pleasing of a lute.
To the house of Signior Baptista Minola?
To the hopeful execution do I leave you
To the ground, mistress.
To the greater bench: in a rebellion,
To the freshest things now reigning and make stale
To the fairness of my power.
To the ensuing age abhorr'd.' Speak to me, son:
To the end of reckoning.
To the duke himself, to tax him with injustice?
To the disgrace and downfall of your house:
To the discontented members, the mutinous parts
To the dead bodies: I will apprehend him.
To the dead bodies of my queen and son:
To the corruption of a blemished stock:
To the contrary I have express commandment.
To the Capitol, come:
To tell, he longs to see his son, were strong:
To tell you plain, I had rather lie in prison.
To tell us whether they will come or no!
To tell thee whence thou camest, of whom derived,
To tell thee plain, I aim to lie with thee.
To teeming foison, even so her plenteous womb
To tear with thunder the wide cheeks o' the air,
To teach you gamut in a briefer sort,
To taunt and scorn you thus opprobriously?
To taste of thy most worst? Thy tyranny
To tame a shrew and charm her chattering tongue.
To take their rooms, ere I can place myself:
To take the urgent hour. Come, sir, away.
To take the one the other, by some chance,
To take our brother Clarence to your grace.
To take on me to keep and kill thy heart.
To take off so much grief from you as he
To take is not to give.
To take in many towns ere almost Rome
To take her in her heart's extremest hate,
To take advantage of the absent time
To swim, to dive into the fire, to ride
To swear him in the justice of his cause.
To supper; to our house.
To sunder them that yoke so well together.
To sunder his that was thine enemy?
To suffer lawful censure for such faults
To sue to live, I find I seek to die;
To suck the sweets of sweet philosophy.
To such abhorr'd pollution.
To such a greeting: villain am I none;
To study fashions to adorn my body:
To strut before a wanton ambling nymph;
To strive for that which resteth in my choice:
To strike him dead, I hold it not a sin.
To strew him o'er and o'er!
To strengthen and support King Edward's place.
To stop the inundation of her tears;
To stop devoted charitable deeds?
To stop all hopes whose growth may damage me.
To stir against the butchers of his life!
To stay him from the fall of vanity:
To stand upon my kingdom once again.
To stale 't a little more.
To stain the temper of my knightly sword.
To spend the time to end it.
To speak, as from his mouth, what he doth know
To speak your deeds, not little of his care
To speak with you; may it please you to come down.
To speak with Coriolanus.
To speak so indirectly I am loath:
To speak of peace or war.
To speak of Perdita, now grown in grace
To speak before your time. Proceed.
To some remote and desert place quite out
To some more fitter place, and that with speed.
To some man else, as this dead man doth me.
To soften Angelo: and that's my pith of business
To soar with his light feathers, and so bound,
To smooth his fault I should have been more mild:
To smile at scapes and perils overblown.
To slay the innocent? What is my offence?
To sit upon a hill, as I do now,
To sit about the coronation.
To sing them too: when you do dance, I wish you
To sin's rebuke and my Creator's praise.
To sin in loving virtue: never could the strumpet,
To signify thou camest to bite the world:
To shun the danger that his soul divines.
To shrink mine arm up like a wither'd shrub;
To show the world I am a gentleman.
To show myself a glass.
To shepherds looking on their silly sheep,
To shape my legs of an unequal size;
To shame unvulnerable, and stick i' the wars
To several subjects. Heaven hath my empty words;
To set the crown once more on Henry's head:
To set my brother Clarence and the king
To set him free from his captivity.
To serve me well, you all should do me duty,
To serve me last, that I may longest keep
To send for Titus Lartius, it remains,
To seek to put me down and reign thyself.
To seek their fortunes farther than at home
To seek the empty, vast and wandering air;
To seek out sorrow that dwells every where.
To seek him here that means not to be found.
To see, now, how a jest shall come about!
To see your wives dishonour'd to your noses,--
To see you so attired, sworn, I think,
To see you are become so penitent.
To see thy son and heir more early down.
To see this sight, it irks my very soul.
To see this business. To-morrow next
To see these honours in possession.
To see the statue of our queen: your gallery
To see the life as lively mock'd as ever
To see my friends in Padua, but of all
To see it tetchy and fall out with the dug!
To see inherited my very wishes
To see if any mean to shrink from me.
To see how inly sorrow gripes his soul.
To see his nobleness!
To see him any more,--cast your good counsels
To see her women? any of them? Emilia?
To see her noble lord restored to health,
To see her in your arms.
To see fair Padua, nursery of arts,
To see alike mine honour as their profits,
To see a goodlier man.
To season love, that of it doth not taste!
To search the secret treasons of the world:
To scorn at our solemnity this night.
To scarlet indignation and bedew
To say you have seen a better.
To say to me that thou art out of breath?
To say this boy were like me. Come, sir page,
To say he'll turn your current in a ditch,
To say extremity was the trier of spirits;
To say 'she is a goodly lady,' and
To say 'not guilty:' mine integrity
To say 'King Richard:' alack the heavy day
To say 'Beseech you, cease.' You have made fair hands,
To save your life in this extremity,
To save this brother's life?
To save this brat's life?
To save this bastard's life,--for 'tis a bastard,
To save the innocent: any thing possible.
To save the Romans, thereby to destroy
To save me from the danger that might come
To save her life, I'll say she is not so.
To save at least the heir of Edward's right:
To satisfy your highness and the entreaties
To sacred Delphos, to Apollo's temple,
To run upon the sharp wind of the north,
To royalize his blood I spilt mine own.
To rouse thee from thy bed, there art thou dead:
To rouse his wrongs and chase them to the bay.
To rid the realm of this pernicious blot?
To rid her from this second marriage,
To revel it with him and his new bride:
To revel it with him and his new bride.'
To revel in the entrails of my lambs.
To rest mistrustful where a noble heart
To reconcile me to his friendly peace:
To reap the harvest of perpetual peace
To read a lecture of them? If thou wouldst,
To reach at victory above my head,
To raze one title of your honour out:
To raise my state to title of a queen,
To raise a spirit in his mistress' circle
To rain a shower of commanded tears,
To quicken your increase, I will beget
To question of his apprehension.
To qualify in others: were he meal'd with that
To put you to't. But come; our dance, I pray:
To put on better ere he go to church.
To put apart these your attendants, I
To purge herself with words: dispatch.
To prove, by God's grace and my body's valour,
To prove the Duke of Norfolk, Thomas Mowbray,
To prove myself a loyal gentleman
To prove it on thee to the extremest point
To prove him, in defending of myself,
To prove him tyrant this reason may suffice,
To prison, eyes, ne'er look on liberty!
To prison with her! Shall we thus permit
To princely Richard and to Buckingham.
To prick thy finger, though to wound his heart:
To press before thy father to a grave?
To pray for them that have done scathe to us.
To prattle for himself.
To prate and talk for life and honour 'fore
To pluck on others.
To pluck him headlong from the usurped throne.
To pluck away their power, as now at last
To plot, contrive, or complot any ill
To please the king I did; to please myself
To play the broker in mine own behalf;
To plant unrightful kings, wilt know again,
To plant and o'erwhelm custom. Let me pass
To plague thee for thy foul misleading me.
To pay their awful duty to our presence?
To pass assurance of a dower in marriage
To part the queen's proud kindred from the king.
To pardon me yet for a night or two,
To pardon him that hath from nature stolen
To paly ashes, thy eyes' windows fall,
To painful labour both by sea and land,
To overgo thy plaints and drown thy cries!
To our gross selves? Good, good my lord, bethink you;
To oppose his hatred fully. Welcome home.
To one whom they had punish'd.
To one that would do thus. I am half through;
To one that can my part in him advertise;
To old Free-town, our common judgment-place.
To old Baptista as a schoolmaster
To offer war where they should kneel for peace;
To offer service to the Duke of Hereford,
To o'erthrow law and in one self-born hour
To nothing temporal.
To nothing but despair. A thousand knees
To no sight but thine and mine, invisible
To no apparent likelihood of breach,
To name the bigger light, and how the less,
To my proceedings, if, with pure heart's love,
To my inheritance of free descent.
To my house. Fare you well.
To my daughters; and tell them both,
To murder, murder our solemnity?
To murder me?
To murder me and my good Lord of Gloucester?
To murder her I married.
To move the heavens to smile upon my state,
To move is to stir; and to be valiant is to stand:
To most that teach.
To most ignoble stooping.
To more approved service and desert.
To monarchize, be fear'd and kill with looks,
To mitigate the scorn he gives his uncle,
To miseries enough; no hope to help you,
To mingle faith with him! Undone! undone!
To mine own children in good bringing up:
To mild entreaties, God in heaven forbid
To merit bliss by making me despair:
To mend her kissing with!
To men of middle age. You're very welcome.
To men in joy; but grief makes one hour ten.
To melt the city leads upon your pates,
To melt myself away in water-drops!
To meet you on the way, and welcome you.
To meet you at the Tower and welcome you.
To meet with joy in sweet Jerusalem.
To meet me at the consecrated fount
To meet her new-beloved any where:
To meet at London London's king in woe.
To meet anon, upon your approbation.
To me the difference forges dread; your greatness
To me she's married, not unto my clothes:
To me or my swift passage, that I slide
To me inveterate, hearkens my brother's suit;
To me for justice and rough chastisement;
To me can life be no commodity:
To me a break-neck. Happy star, reign now!
To marry Paris: Wednesday is to-morrow:
To mangle me with that word 'banished'?
To make you garlands of, and my sweet friend,
To make thy riches pleasant. What's yet in this
To make this shameless callet know herself.
To make thee consul.
To make the truth appear where it seems hid,
To make the perfect period of this peace.
To make the base earth proud with kissing it:
To make prescription for a kingdom's worth.
To make my end too sudden: learn, good soul,
To make him worthy whose offence subdues him
To make him an example. All hope is gone,
To make her speak as move.
To make her heavenly comforts of despair,
To make her come and know her keeper's call,
To make die with a restorative.
To make confession and to be absolved.
To make coals cheap,--a noble memory!
To make bad good, and good provoke to harm.
To make an envious mountain on my back,
To make an act of tragic violence:
To make amends, Ill give it to your daughter.
To make a stale of me amongst these mates?
To make a shambles of the parliament-house!
To make a second fall of cursed man?
To make a perfect woman, she you kill'd
To make a false one.
To make a dulcet and a heavenly sound;
To make a bondmaid and a slave of me;
To make a bloody supper in the Tower.
To make William Lord Hastings of our mind,
To lure this tassel-gentle back again!
To loss and what may follow! Weep I cannot,
To lose itself in a fog, where being three parts
To lose his head; condemn'd by Angelo:
To look upon my sometimes royal master's face.
To look that way thou wert.
To look so poorly and to speak so fair?
To look into the bottom of my place:
To lock up honesty and honour from
To lock it in the wards of covert bosom,
To load my she with knacks: I would have ransack'd
To live an unstain'd wife to my sweet love.
To link with him that were not lawful chosen.
To lingering sufferance. Answer me to-morrow,
To lift shrewd steel against our golden crown,
To lie that way thou go'st, not whence thou comest:
To lie in cold obstruction and to rot;
To lie discolour'd by this place of peace?
To lie close by his honest bones: but now
To let thy tongue detect thy base-born heart?
To let me see them and to make me know
To let him there a month behind the gest
To let him slip at will.
To lengthen out the worst that must be spoken:
To leave this keen encounter of our wits,
To learn the order of my fingering,
To lay upon the damn'd, which Sycorax
To lay one in, another out to have.
To lay aside life-harming heaviness
To know, when two authorities are up,
To know the cause why music was ordain'd!
To know our further pleasure in this case,
To kings that fear their subjects' treachery?
To kindle their dry stubble; and their blaze
To kill the king at Oxford.
To keep your great pretences veil'd till when
To keep them back that come to succor you:
To keep the oath that we administer:
To keep that oath were more impiety
To keep him safely till his day of trial.
To justify this worthy nobleman,
To jump a body with a dangerous physic
To instruct her fully in those sciences,
To insinuate, flatter, bow, and bend my limbs:
To imitate the graces of the gods;
To hurl upon their heads that break his law.
To house or housekeeping: then, at my farm
To horse, to horse! urge doubts to them that fear.
To hopeless restitution, so he might
To honour me as thy king and sovereign,
To hold thine own and leave thine own with him.
To hold my stirrup nor to take my horse!
To his surname Coriolanus 'longs more pride
To his new kingdom of perpetual rest.
To his most royal person, hither come
To his concupiscible intemperate lust,
To him, and to his substitutes.
To him that hath more cause to be a mourner,
To him or our authorities. For an end,
To him had left it solely.
To him forthwith in holy wedlock bands.
To high promotions and great dignity:
To hide your doings; and to silence that,
To her, widow!
To her, Kate!
To her unhappy brother Claudio?
To her allowing husband!
To her acceptance; you have let him go
To her I go, a jolly thriving wooer.
To help to take her from her borrow'd grave,
To help thee curse that poisonous bunchback'd toad.
To help our fielded friends! Come, blow thy blast.
To help me sort such needful ornaments
To help me after? I will kiss thy lips;
To help him to his grave immediately!
To help King Edward in his time of storm,
To help Cominius.
To hear true shrift. Come, madam, let's away.
To hear themselves remember'd.
To hear thee speak of Naples. He does hear me;
To hear the piteous moan that Rutland made
To hear the lamentations of Poor Anne,
To hear my nothings monster'd.
To hear him named, and cannot come to him.
To hear her prayers for them, as now for us
To hear good counsel: O, what learning is!
To hear and see her plaints, her brinish tears.
To hear Cominius speak?
To hear Cominius speak, I'll keep at home.
To have't with saying 'Good morrow.'
To have you royally appointed as if
To have what we would have, we speak not what we mean:
To have them recompensed as thought on.
To have the heir of the Lord Hungerford.
To have some conference with your grace alone.
To have nor eyes nor ears nor thought, then say
To have no screen between this part he play'd
To have my praise for this, perform a part
To have it added to the faults of mine,
To have him suddenly convey'd away.
To have him match'd; and if you please to like
To have him kill a king: poor trespasses,
To have her match'd: and having now provided
To have her honour true than your suspicion,
To have free speech with you; and it concerns me
To have a worthy feeding: but I have it
To have a temple built you: all the swords
To have a giant's strength; but it is tyrannous
To haste thus fast, to find us unprovided.
To harder bosoms! Looking on the lines
To grubs and eyeless skulls? as I discern,
To grim Necessity, and he and I
To greet mine own land with my wishful sight.
To greet him and to give him comforts. Sir,
To greet a man not worth her pains, much less
To gratulate the gentle princes there.
To gratify his noble service that
To go with us unto the officers.
To go with Paris to Saint Peter's Church,
To go along with us; for as we think,
To gnaw their garners. Worshipful mutiners,
To give your censures in this weighty business?
To give you over at this first encounter,
To give thee all, and in his waning age
To give the heir and daughter of Lord Scales
To give or to forgive; but when we have stuff'd
To give my poor host freedom.
To give my hand opposed against my heart
To give mine enemy a lasting wink;
To give me secret harbour, hath a purpose
To give him annual tribute, do him homage,
To get slips of them.
To get her cunning schoolmasters to instruct her?
To gaze upon the secrets of the deep?
To gather in some debts, my son Lucentio
To frustrate both his oath and what beside
To fright them, ere destroy. But come in:
To fright the souls of fearful adversaries,
To fright me with your sprites; you're powerful at it.
To free King Henry from imprisonment
To fortune's yoke, but let thy dauntless mind
To foreign passages, and in the end,
To follow this fair corse unto her grave:
To follow as it draws! I'll to my brother:
To fly the boar before the boar pursues,
To fleer and scorn at our solemnity?
To flatter Henry and forsake thy brother!
To fine the faults whose fine stands in record,
To find this practise out.
To find out this abuse, whence 'tis derived.
To find out right with wrong, it may not be;
To fight with Glendower and his complices:
To fight on Edward's party for the crown;
To fight in quarrel of the house of Lancaster.
To fight against that bloody homicide.
To fetch a ladder, by the which your love
To feed my innocent people.
To feed my humour, wish thyself no harm.
To feast and sport us at thy father's house.
To fear the foe, since fear oppresseth strength,
To faithful service of your majesty.
To fair Bianca, so beloved of me.
To fail in the disposing of those chances
To extol what it hath done.
To expel him thence. I think he'll be to Rome
To execution and the hand of death.
To execute the noble duke at Calais.
To execute the like upon thyself;
To execute the charge my father gave me
To excel the golden age.
To every eyeball else. Go take this shape
To every article.
To entreat your majesty to visit him.
To entertain these fair well-spoken days,
To enter publicly: him I'll desire
To enter our Rome gates: i' the people's name,
To enter in the thoughts of desperate men!
To enter human hearing, from Argier,
To entail him and his heirs unto the crown,
To effect this marriage, so it please my lord.
To ease his breast with panting.
To ear the land that hath some hope to grow,
To dwell in solemn shades of endless night.
To drive away the heavy thought of care?
To dress thy meat myself and bring it thee:
To draw with idle spiders' strings
To draw the brats of Clarence out of sight;
To draw him from his holy exercise.
To doom the offenders, whatsoever they be
To do what service am I sent for hither?
To do this ruthless piece of butchery,
To do this deed will hate you for the deed.
To do them good, I would sustain some harm.
To do that office of thine own good will
To do myself this wrong: till, at the last,
To do me business in the veins o' the earth
To do in slander. And to behold his sway,
To do him good?
To do a thing, where I the issue doubted,
To disproportion me in every part,
To dim his glory and to stain the track
To die when I desire.
To die upon the bed my father died,
To die for't!
To deck our soldiers for these Irish wars.
To deck his fortune with his virtuous deeds:
To dash our late decree in parliament
To dark dishonour's use thou shalt not have.
To cut off those that have offended him.
To curb the will of the nobility:
To cry to the sea that roar'd to us, to sigh
To cross my obsequies and true love's rite?
To cross me from the golden time I look for!
To crop at once a too long wither'd flower.
To credit his own lie, he did believe
To counterfeit oppression of such grief
To counsel me to make my peace with God,
To comfort you: I wot well where he is.
To comfort thee, though thou art banished.
To comfort Edward with our company.
To come to me forthwith.
To come to Padua. Know you not the cause?
To come at traitors' calls and do them grace.
To come at first when he doth send for her,
To comb your noddle with a three-legg'd stool
To closeness and the bettering of my mind
To cleave a heart in twain.
To choose you a queen: she shall not be so young
To choke it in the utterance. So our virtues
To chide my fortune, and torment myself?
To chide at your extremes it not becomes me:
To cheque time broke in a disorder'd string;
To change blows with thee for our day of doom.
To cease thy suit, and leave me to my grief:
To cease this civil war, and, whilst I live,
To catch my death with jaunting up and down!
To cast thy wandering eyes on every stale,
To carve out dials quaintly, point by point,
To call upon him.
To call them woollen vassals, things created
To call me to your senate, I'll deliver
To call him villain? and then to glance from him
To call hers exquisite, in question more:
To buy you a better husband.
To buy apparel 'gainst the wedding-day.
To buy and sell with groats, to show bare heads
To bury mine intents, but also to effect
To bring you thus together, 'tis no sin,
To bring this tidings to the bloody king.
To bring the roof to the foundation,
To bring false generations: they are co-heirs;
To breathe this news; yet what I say is true.
To breathe the abundant dolour of the heart.
To breathe such vows as lovers use to swear;
To breakfast once forth of my company.
To break the heart of generosity,
To brag unto them, thus I did, and thus;
To both their deaths thou shalt be accessary.
To blot out me, and put his own son in.
To bloody thoughts and to revenge, I chose
To bless the bed of majesty again
To blazon it, then sweeten with thy breath
To blaze your marriage, reconcile your friends,
To bitterest enmity: so, fellest foes,
To bide upon't, thou art not honest, or,
To bid the father wipe his eyes withal,
To bid me trudge:
To better vantage.
To better purpose.
To bend the fatal instruments of war
To beg of thee, it is my more dishonour
To beg of Hob and Dick, that do appear,
To beautify him, only lacks a cover:
To bear the tidings of calamity.
To bear the matter thus; mere weakness. If
To bear the golden yoke of sovereignty,
To bear his image and renew his glories!
To bear her burthen, whether I will or no,
To bear a poison, I would temper it;
To be your prisoner should import offending;
To be your comforter when he is gone.
To be to thee this night a torch-bearer,
To be thy nurses! Wolves and bears, they say
To be thus taunted, scorn'd, and baited at:
To be the father unto many sons.
To be the aim of every dangerous shot,
To be spoke to but by the recorder.
To be so rid o' the business.
To be so bouted in this royal presence?
To be set high in place, we did commend
To be revenged on him that slew my husband.
To be revenged on him that loveth you.
To be revenged on Rivers, Vaughan, Grey:
To be received plain, I'll speak more gross:
To be or none or little; though a devil
To be o'erpower'd; and wilt thou, pupil-like,
To be no better than a homely swain;
To be inclined my way!
To be imprison'd in the viewless winds,
To be her men and wear her livery:
To be full quit of those my banishers,
To be full like me: yet they say we are
To be discover'd, that can do me good?
To be consorted with the humorous night:
To be by oath enjoin'd to this. Farewell!
To be acknowledged: thou a sceptre's heir,
To be a virtuous and well-govern'd youth:
To be a make-peace shall become my age:
To bathe in fiery floods, or to reside
To bate me a full year.
To base declension and loathed bigamy
To bar my master's heirs in true descent,
To banish your defenders; till at length
To banish him that struck more blows for Rome
To bandy word for word and frown for frown;
To avoid the carping censures of the world.
To aspire unto the crown and reign as king.
To appoint myself in this vexation, sully
To answer us.
To answer twenty thousand such as you.
To answer thy best pleasure; be't to fly,
To answer that, I should confess to you.
To answer other business. Shrug'st thou, malice?
To answer mildly; for they are prepared
To answer all the city.
To answer 'I'll not wed; I cannot love,
To an infected jelly and my name
To an impatient child that hath new robes
To alter this, for counsel is but vain.
To ally my rages and revenges with
To all his lands and signories: when he's return'd,
To act her earthy and abhorr'd commands,
To accuse this worthy man, but, in foul mouth
To a mother's part belongs. He turns away:
To a determined scope.
To a dear friend of the good Duke of York's,
To Valentinus, Rowland, and to Crassus,
To Stanley's regiment; bid him bring his power
To Salisbury; the rest march on with me.
To Rome of our success. You, Titus Lartius,
To Richmond, in those parts beyond the sea
To Oxford, or where'er these traitors are:
To Marcius shall be honours, though indeed
To Mantua, with my letters to thy lord.
To Lynn, my lord,
To London, all in post; and, as I guess,
To Lammas-tide?
To Julius Caesar's ill-erected tower,
To Juliet's grave; for there must I use thee.
To Italy; and there at Venice gave
To Henry's body, and supply his place;
To Henry Bolingbroke.
To God, the widow's champion and defence.
To God, my king and my succeeding issue,
To God, his sovereign and to him disloyal;
To God of heaven, King Richard and to me;
To England's king in lawful marriage.
To Edward, but not to the English king.
To County Paris: then comes she to me,
To County Paris, to prepare him up
To Coriolanus come all joy and honour!
To Bristol castle, which they say is held
To Brecknock, while my fearful head is on!
To Bona, sister to the King of France.
To Bolingbroke.
To Bolingbroke are we sworn subjects now,
Titus Lartius writes, they fought together, but
Tire on the flesh of me and of my son!
Tincture or lustre in her lip, her eye,
Time:
Time-pleasers, flatterers, foes to nobleness.
Time out o' mind the fairies' coachmakers.
Tim Richard wear the garland of the realm.
Till you have heard me in my true complaint
Till you have done your business in the city:
Till you did make him misinterpret me,
Till we meet Warwick with his foreign power.
Till we can clear these ambiguities,
Till we assign you to your days of trial.
Till twice five summers have enrich'd our fields
Till time lend friends and friends their helpful swords.
Till time had made them for us. But it chances
Till thou the lie-giver and that lie do lie
Till thou shalt know the reason of my love:
Till thou give joy; until thou bid me joy,
Till they have fretted us a pair of graves
Till then, adieu; and keep this holy kiss.
Till then, 'tis wisdom to conceal our meaning.
Till then fair hope must hinder life's decay.
Till the prince came, who parted either part.
Till that my nails were anchor'd in thine eyes;
Till storms be past of civil enmity.
Till she herself confess it.
Till she had laid it and conjured it down;
Till our King Henry had shook hands with death.
Till one can do no more.
Till it was whetted on thy stone-hard heart,
Till it o'er-run the stew; laws for all faults,
Till holy church incorporate two in one.
Till his lost child be found? which that it shall,
Till he had forged himself a name o' the fire
Till he did look on me: since it is so,
Till he be dieted to my request,
Till either death hath closed these eyes of mine
Till Warwick or himself be quite suppress'd.
Till Norfolk be repeal'd: repeal'd he shall be,
Till Katharina the curst have got a husband.
Till I have told this slander of his blood,
Till I conveniently could send to Romeo:
Till I can find occasion of revenge.
Till I be brought to such a silly pass!
Till George be pack'd with post-horse up to heaven.
Till Bolingbroke have pardon'd thee. Away, be gone!
Ties up my tongue, and will not let me speak.
Tie leaden pounds to's heels. Proceed by process;
Tidings, as swiftly as the posts could run,
Tickling a parson's nose as a' lies asleep,
Tickled with good success, disdains the shadow
Tickle the senseless rushes with their heels,
Tiber in't; said to be something imperfect in
Thyself, forsooth, hereafter theirs, so far
Thyself upon thy virtues, they on thee.
Thyself thyself misusest.
Thyself a queen, for me that was a queen,
Thy words are but as thoughts; therefore, be bold.
Thy word is current with him for my death,
Thy womb let loose, to chase us to our graves.
Thy woes will make them sharp, and pierce like mine.
Thy wit, that ornament to shape and love,
Thy wit is a very bitter sweeting; it is a most
Thy wife and children's blood. For myself, son,
Thy wife Paulina more.' And so, with shrieks
Thy voice is thunder, but thy looks are humble.
Thy virtues spoke of, and thy beauty sounded,
Thy valiantness was mine, thou suck'dst it from me,
Thy thoughts with nobleness; that thou mayst prove
Thy tempest-tossed body. How now, wife!
Thy tears would wash this cold congealed blood
Thy tears are womanish; thy wild acts denote
Thy tears are salter than a younger man's,
Thy sun sets weeping in the lowly west,
Thy state of law is bondslave to the law; And thou--
Thy sorrow in my breast. Come, ladies, go,
Thy son is banish'd upon good advice,
Thy son by this hath married. Wonder not,
Thy son I kill'd for his presumption.
Thy sly conveyance and thy lord's false love;
Thy slanders I forgive; and therewithal
Thy sin's not accidental, but a trade.
Thy school-days frightful, desperate, wild, and furious,
Thy purpose marriage, send me word to-morrow,
Thy prime of manhood daring, bold, and venturous,
Thy place is fill'd, thy sceptre wrung from thee,
Thy penitent reform'd: but we have been
Thy pains, Fitzwater, shall not be forgot;
Thy overflow of good converts to bad,
Thy other Edward dead, to quit my Edward;
Thy old groans ring yet in my ancient ears;
Thy noble shape is but a form of wax,
Thy news?
Thy nerves are in their infancy again
Thy murderous falchion smoking in his blood;
Thy mother's name is ominous to children.
Thy mother was a piece of virtue, and
Thy mother rather feel thy pride than fear
Thy mother felt more than a mother's pain,
Thy lying tongue both numbers, I would say
Thy love did read by rote and could not spell.
Thy lips are warm.
Thy life hath that dishonour'd.
Thy life answer!
Thy knee bussing the stones--for in such business
Thy kinsman and thy friends, I'll have more lives
Thy kingly doom and sentence of his pride.
Thy husband is thy lord, thy life, thy keeper,
Thy husband in thy bosom there lies dead;
Thy hounds shall make the welkin answer them
Thy honour, state and seat is due to me.
Thy head, thy sovereign; one that cares for thee,
Thy head, all indirectly, gave direction:
Thy head is as fun of quarrels as an egg is full of
Thy grief is but thy absence for a time.
Thy grandfather, Roger Mortimer, Earl of March:
Thy gown? why, ay: come, tailor, let us see't.
Thy garments are not spotted with our blood,
Thy friends suspect for traitors while thou livest,
Thy friends are fled to wait upon thy foes,
Thy friend no less
Thy fault our law calls death; but the kind prince,
Thy father, or thy mother, nay, or both,
Thy father, Minos, that denied our course;
Thy father's ground.
Thy father's court? for thou shalt hear that I,
Thy father! O villain! he is a sailmaker in Bergamo.
Thy father was, as thou art, Duke of York;
Thy father was the Duke of Milan and
Thy father was a traitor to the crown.
Thy father slew my father; therefore, die.
Thy father hath.
Thy father bears the type of King of Naples,
Thy face is mine, and thou hast slander'd it.
Thy exercise hath been too violent for
Thy drugs are quick. Thus with a kiss I die.
Thy deed, inhuman and unnatural,
Thy death-bed is no lesser than thy land
Thy death, which is no more. Thou art not thyself;
Thy dear love sworn but hollow perjury,
Thy dangerous stoutness, for I mock at death
Thy country's strength and weakness,--thine own ways;
Thy by-gone fooleries were but spices of it.
Thy burning car never had scorch'd the earth!
Thy buried fear: herein all breathless lies
Thy brother's love, our duty, and thy fault,
Thy brother's blood the thirsty earth hath drunk,
Thy brother being carelessly encamp'd,
Thy brother Edward, and thyself the sea
Thy broken faith hath made a prey for worms.
Thy brat hath been cast out, like to itself,
Thy beauty, that doth make me like thee well,
Thy beauty hath, and made them blind with weeping.
Thy beauty hath made me effeminate
Thy balm wash'd off wherewith thou wast anointed:
Thy age confirm'd, proud, subdued, bloody,
Thy Edward he is dead, that stabb'd my Edward:
Thy Clarence he is dead that kill'd my Edward;
Thus, with his speechless hand: what he would do,
Thus, what with the war, what with the sweat, what
Thus, like the formal vice, Iniquity,
Thus yields the cedar to the axe's edge,
Thus wisdom wishes to appear most bright
Thus will I drown your exclamations.
Thus we set on, Camillo, to the sea-side.
Thus to retort your manifest appeal,
Thus to have said,
Thus thrust disorderly into my hands,
Thus strangers may be hailed and abused: O
Thus stands the case: you know our king, my brother,
Thus stands it with me: upon a true contract
Thus play I in one person many people,
Thus plated in habiliments of war,
Thus it is: the Volsces have an army forth; against
Thus in plain terms: your father hath consented
Thus high, by thy advice
Thus high at least, although your knee be low.
Thus have you breathed your curse against yourself.
Thus have we swept suspicion from our seat
Thus have I politicly begun my reign,
Thus hath the course of justice wheel'd about,
Thus give I mine, and thus take I thy heart.
Thus from my lips, by yours, my sin is purged.
Thus far our fortune keeps an upward course,
Thus far into the bowels of the land
Thus doth he force the swords of wicked men
Thus do I leave thee. Come, son, let's away;
Thus do I hope to shake King Henry's head.
Thus can the demigod Authority
Thus by Apollo's great divine seal'd up,
Thus both are gone with conscience and remorse;
Thus I enforce thy rotten jaws to open,
Thus I conceive by him.
Thursday is near; lay hand on heart, advise:
Thrusts forth his horns again into the world;
Throw your mistemper'd weapons to the ground,
Throw up thine eye! see, see what showers arise,
Throw over her the veil of infamy:
Throw down, my son, the Duke of Norfolk's gage.
Throw death upon thy sovereign's enemies.
Through the false passage of thy throat, thou liest.
Through lovers' brains, and then they dream of love;
Through it do well, I do not relish well
Through fair Verona; find those persons out
Through casements darted their desiring eyes
Through brazen trumpet send the breath of parley
Through all the signories it was the first
Through 'tis a saying, sir, not due to me.
Throng to the bar, crying all, Guilty! guilty!
Throng our large temples with the shows of peace,
Throng many doubtful hollow-hearted friends,
Thrice noble lord, let me entreat of you
Threw off his spirit, his appetite, his sleep,
Threw dust and rubbish on King Richard's head.
Three, they say: but 'tis thought of every one
Three, my most gracious lord.
Three words, dear Romeo, and good night indeed.
Three times to-day my foot-cloth horse did stumble,
Three times did Richard make a lane to me.
Three parts of that receipt I had for Calais
Three or four miles about, else had I, sir,
Three glorious suns, each one a perfect sun;
Three crabbed months had sour'd themselves to death,
Three civil brawls, bred of an airy word,
Three Judases, each one thrice worse than Judas!
Three Dukes of Somerset, threefold renown'd
Thoughts that would thick my blood.
Thoughts tending to content flatter themselves
Thoughts tending to ambition, they do plot
Thoughts high for one so tender, cleft the heart
Though you would seek to unsphere the
Though you were born in Rome:' his bloody brow
Though you perceive me not how I give line.
Though you are old enough to be my heir.
Though yet she speak not. Mark a little while.
Though we have spent our harvest of this king,
Though thou speak'st truth,
Though thou didst learn, had that in't which
Though this island seem to be desert,--
Though this be all, do not so quickly go;
Though they would swear down each particular saint,
Though they themselves did suffer by't, behold
Though therein you can never be too noble,
Though there the people had more absolute power,
Though the nature of our quarrel yet never brooked
Though thanks to all, must I select
Though sometimes you do blench from this to that,
Though some of you with Pilate wash your hands
Though rebels wound thee with their horses' hoofs:
Though not for Rome itself.
Though news be sad, yet tell them merrily;
Though little fire grows great with little wind,
Though in some part enforced to digress;
Though in Rome litter'd--not Romans--as they are not,
Though heaven cannot: O Romeo, Romeo!
Though he hath fallen by prompture of the blood,
Though he does bear some signs of me, yet you
Though he divide the realm and give thee half,
Though he be merry, yet withal he's honest.
Though he be blunt, I know him passing wise;
Though full of our displeasure, yet we free thee
Though fortune's malice overthrow my state,
Though first in question, is thy secondary.
Though far more cause, yet much less spirit to curse
Though every drop of water swear against it
Though destiny say no. Be merry, gentle;
Though death be poor, it ends a mortal woe.
Though calved i' the porch o' the Capitol--
Though bearing misery, I desire my life
Though banish'd, yet a trueborn Englishman.
Though angel on the outward side!
Though all the world's vastidity you had,
Though Richard my life's counsel would not hear,
Though Paris came in hope to speed alone.
Though Marcius earned them not, and all his faults
Though I show'd sourly to him, once more offer'd
Though I could wish
Though I am satisfied and need no more
Though Fortune, visible an enemy,
Though 'twere to buy a world of happy days,
Thou, wretched boy, that didst consort him here,
Thou, traitor, hast set on thy wife to this.
Thou, old Adam's likeness, set to dress this garden,
Thou, now a-dying, say'st thou flatterest me.
Thou, it seems, that calls for company to
Thou, brother Montague, in Buckingham,
Thou, being a king, blest with a goodly son,
Thou, Richard, shalt to the Duke of Norfolk,
Thou'rt tired, then, in a word, I also am
Thou'rt i' the right, girl; more o, that.
Thou'rt a tall fellow: hold thee that to drink.
Thou'ldst thank me but a little for my counsel:
Thou'ldst not believe thy deeds: but I'll report it
Thou yard, three-quarters, half-yard, quarter, nail!
Thou wrong'st it, more than tears, with that report.
Thou wretch, despite o'erwhelm thee!
Thou wouldst have poison'd good Camillo's honour,
Thou wouldst have left thy dearest heart-blood there,
Thou wouldst else have made thy tale large.
Thou wouldst be fee'd, I see, to make me sport:
Thou worthiest Marcius!
Thou wilt revolt, and fly to him, I fear.
Thou wilt prove his. Take him to prison, officer:
Thou wilt perform my bidding.
Thou wilt fall backward when thou hast more wit;
Thou wilt fall backward when thou comest to age;
Thou wilt be taken. Stay awhile! Stand up;
Thou wilt amend thy life?
Thou wast the prettiest babe that e'er I nursed:
Thou wast that did preserve me. Thou didst smile.
Thou wast provoked by thy bloody mind.
Thou wast never with me for any thing when thou wast
Thou want'st a rough pash and the shoots that I have,
Thou villain Capulet,--Hold me not, let me go.
Thou troublest me; am not in the vein.
Thou toad, thou toad, where is thy brother Clarence?
Thou to me thy secrets tell.
Thou think'st there is no more such shapes as he,
Thou that wast seal'd in thy nativity
Thou that so stoutly hast resisted me,
Thou talk'st of nothing.
Thou strokedst me and madest much of me, wouldst give me
Thou stern, obdurate, flinty, rough, remorseless.
Thou speak'st truth.
Thou sober-suited matron, all in black,
Thou smiling while he knit his angry brows:
Thou slewest my husband Henry in the Tower,
Thou slander of thy mother's heavy womb!
Thou sing'st sweet music. Hark, come hither, Tyrrel
Thou showest the naked pathway to thy life,
Thou show'st a noble vessel: what's thy name?
Thou shouldst not scape me here.
Thou shouldst a husband take by my consent,
Thou sheer, immaculate and silver fountain,
Thou shalt not stir a foot to seek a foe.
Thou shalt not do't.
Thou shalt continue two and forty hours,
Thou shalt be master, Tranio, in my stead,
Thou shalt be logger-head. Good faith, 'tis day:
Thou shalt be free
Thou shalt be borne to that same ancient vault
Thou setter up and plucker down of kings,
Thou seest what's past, go fear thy king withal.
Thou rather with thy sharp and sulphurous bolt
Thou rascal, that art worst in blood to run,
Thou rag of honour! thou detested--
Thou pout'st upon thy fortune and thy love:
Thou poisonous slave, got by the devil himself
Thou pitied'st Rutland; I will pity thee.
Thou noble thing! more dances my rapt heart
Thou must be married to no man but me;
Thou must be made immortal. Where's Barnardine?
Thou most lying slave,
Thou mightst be freed.
Thou mayst prove false; at lovers' perjuries
Thou mayst co-join with something; and thou dost,
Thou mayst be damned for that wicked deed!
Thou map of honour, thou King Richard's tomb,
Thou madst thine enemies shake, as if the world
Thou lovest me not; for, brother, if thou didst,
Thou loathed issue of thy father's loins!
Thou liest: his father is come from Padua and here
Thou liest, malignant thing! Hast thou forgot
Thou let'st thy fortune sleep--die, rather; wink'st
Thou know'st, was banish'd: for one thing she did
Thou know'st the mask of night is on my face,
Thou know'st our reasons urged upon the way;
Thou know'st my lodging: get me ink and paper,
Thou know'st my daughter's of a pretty age.
Thou kill'st me in his life; giving him breath,
Thou hast. Where was she born? speak; tell me.
Thou hast years upon thee; and thou art too full
Thou hast undone thyself, thy son and me;
Thou hast the strength of will to slay thyself,
Thou hast sworn my love to be.
Thou hast sworn it more to me:
Thou hast spoke too much already: get thee gone.
Thou hast said enough.
Thou hast one son; for his sake pity me,
Thou hast not done before.
Thou hast neither heat, affection, limb, nor beauty,
Thou hast most kindly hit it.
Thou hast howl'd away twelve winters.
Thou hast hit it: come, sit on me.
Thou hast faced many things.
Thou hast done a deed whereat valour will weep.
Thou hast amazed me: by my holy order,
Thou hast affected the fine strains of honour,
Thou hast a lady far more beautiful
Thou hast a grim appearance, and thy face
Thou hadst, and more, Miranda. But how is it
Thou hadst not lived to kill a son of mine.
Thou hadst but power over his mortal body,
Thou hadst an Edward, till a Richard kill'd him;
Thou hadst a Richard, till a Richard killed him;
Thou hadst a Clarence too, and Richard kill'd him.
Thou goest to Coventry, there to behold
Thou frantic woman, what dost thou make here?
Thou foolish friar, and thou pernicious woman,
Thou fond mad woman,
Thou fond mad man, hear me but speak a word.
Thou flea, thou nit, thou winter-cricket thou!
Thou factious Duke of York, descend my throne,
Thou elvish-mark'd, abortive, rooting hog!
Thou earth, thou! speak.
Thou drown the sad remembrance of those wrongs
Thou draw not on thy danger and dishonour;
Thou dotard! thou art woman-tired, unroosted
Thou dost, and think'st it much to tread the ooze
Thou dost make possible things not so held,
Thou dost confirm his happiness for ever.
Thou dost beguile me! Was this face the face
Thou dost advise me
Thou didst usurp my place, and dost thou not
Thou didst speak but well
Thou didst receive the holy sacrament,
Thou didst prevent me; I had peopled else
Thou didst love York, and I am son to York.
Thou detestable maw, thou womb of death,
Thou desperate pilot, now at once run on
Thou desirest me to stop in my tale against the hair.
Thou dearest Perdita,
Thou darest not, coward, live to see that day.
Thou darest not this and that to prove more fortunes
Thou cutt'st my head off with a golden axe,
Thou counterfeit'st a bark, a sea, a wind;
Thou concludest like the sanctimonious pirate, that
Thou chidest me well: proud Bolingbroke, I come
Thou chid'st me oft for loving Rosaline.
Thou canst not, son; it is impossible.
Thou canst not speak too much; I have deserved
Thou canst not speak of that thou dost not feel:
Thou canst not frown, thou canst not look askance,
Thou canst help time to furrow me with age,
Thou camest--
Thou camest on earth to make the earth my hell.
Thou camest here to complain.
Thou call'dst me up at midnight to fetch dew
Thou call'dst me king.
Thou cacodemon! there thy kingdom is.
Thou bloodless remnant of that royal blood!
Thou bear'st my life off hence: let us avoid.
Thou bear's thy heavy riches but a journey,
Thou art up-roused by some distemperature;
Thou art too noble to conserve a life
Thou art thyself, though not a Montague.
Thou art thence banish'd, we would muster all
Thou art their soldier, and being bred in broils
Thou art the first knave that e'er madest a duke.
Thou art the cause, and most accursed effect.
Thou art sworn as deeply to effect what we intend
Thou art poor'st of all; then shortly art thou mine.
Thou art perfect then, our ship hath touch'd upon
Thou art not honest; and the gods will plague thee,
Thou art not here: murder is thy alms-deed;
Thou art not conquer'd; beauty's ensign yet
Thou art no Atlas for so great a weight:
Thou art my warrior;
Thou art like one of those fellows that when he
Thou art inclined to sleep; 'tis a good dulness,
Thou art deceived: 'tis not thy southern power,
Thou art as opposite to every good
Thou art always figuring diseases in me; but thou
Thou art a widow; yet thou art a mother,
Thou art a widow, and thou hast some children;
Thou art a traitor and a miscreant,
Thou art a lord, and nothing but a lord:
Thou art a fool: if Echo were as fleet,
Thou art a banish'd man, and here art come
Thou art Hermione; or rather, thou art she
Thou and thy brother both shall buy this treason
Thou and these woes were all for Rosaline:
Thou and my bosom henceforth shall be twain.
Thou and Oxford, with five thousand men,
Those will I muster up: and thou, son Clarence,
Those whose great power must try him; even this,
Those uncles which you want were dangerous;
Those of your fact are so--so past all truth:
Those men you talk of came into my mind.
Those many had not dared to do that evil,
Those gracious words revive my drooping thoughts
Those eyes of thine from mine have drawn salt tears,
Those centuries to our aid: the rest will serve
Those are they
Those are pearls that were his eyes:
Thorough my rust! and how his pity
Thomas the Earl of Surrey, and himself,
Thomas of Norfolk, what say'st thou to this?
Thither will I with you; for little office
Thither where more attends you, and you slander
Thither must I, and here I leave you, sir.
This, this All-Souls' day to my fearful soul
This, my lord.
This, here before you.
This, by the way, I let you understand;
This, by his voice, should be a Montague.
This, as you say, suggested
This, and Saint George to boot! What think'st thou, Norfolk?
This youth should say 'twere well and only therefore
This your request
This wind, you talk of, blows us from ourselves;
This will last out a night in Russia,
This will I do, and this I will advise you:
This will I carry to Rome.
This wide-chapp'd rascal--would thou mightst lie drowning
This were a bed but cold to sleep so soundly.
This we prescribe, though no physician;
This way, my lord; for this way lies the game.
This way the king will come; this is the way
This way the coverlet, another way the sheets:
This was so and no slumber. Dreams are toys:
This was my wish: 'Be thou,' quoth I, ' accursed,
This was my speech, and I will speak't again--
This virtue and this moral discipline,
This viperous traitor: to eject him hence
This vault a feasting presence full of light.
This true which they so seem to fear. Go home,
This trick may chance to scathe you, I know what:
This torture should be roar'd in dismal hell.
This tongue that runs so roundly in thy head
This tiger-footed rage, when it shall find
This swears he, as he is a prince, is just;
This sudden stag of rancour I misdoubt:
This squash, this gentleman. Mine honest friend,
This speak I, lords, to let you understand,
This sickly land might solace as before.
This shows a sound affection.
This shall determine that.
This shall be done, good father, presently.
This shall assure my constant loyalty,
This sessions, to our great grief we pronounce,
This sensible warm motion to become
This same should be the voice of Friar John.
This royal throne of kings, this scepter'd isle,
This reprobate till he were well inclined;
This proveth Edward's love and Warwick's honesty.
This proffer'd benefit of dignity;
This prison where I live unto the world:
This prince hath neither claim'd it nor deserved it;
This pretty lad will prove our country's bliss.
This precious stone set in the silver sea,
This precious book of love, this unbound lover,
This peace is nothing, but to rust iron, increase
This other doth command a little door
This other Eden, demi-paradise,
This orb o' the earth. His last offences to us
This oath I willingly take and will perform.
This nurse, this teeming womb of royal kings,
This nor hurts him nor profits you a jot;
This noble isle doth want her proper limbs;
This night you shall behold him at our feast;
This night I hold an old accustom'd feast,
This news is mortal to the queen: look down
This neighbour air, and let rich music's tongue
This mutiny were better put in hazard,
This music mads me; let it sound no more;
This music crept by me upon the waters,
This mould of Marcius, they to dust should grind it
This morning for ten thousand of your throats
This may prove worse than hanging.
This may plant courage in their quailing breasts;
This man, whom hand to hand I slew in fight,
This man has marr'd his fortune.
This love feel I, that feel no love in this.
This louring tempest of your home-bred hate;
This liberty is all that I request,
This letter, then, to Friar Peter give;
This letter he early bid me give his father,
This letter doth make good the friar's words,
This let alone will all the rest confound.
This last old man,
This land of such dear souls, this dear dear land,
This lady's husband, Sir Richard Grey, was slain,
This lady's husband here, this, do you see--
This isle with Calibans.
This island's mine, by Sycorax my mother,
This is unlikely:
This is true that I say: an I had thee
This is to feel a tale, not to hear a tale.
This is thy sheath;
This is the way to kindle, not to quench.
This is the truth, or let Benvolio die.
This is the rascal; this is he I spoke of.
This is the quondam king; let's seize upon him.
This is the prettiest low-born lass that ever
This is the point.
This is the place; there, where the torch doth burn.
This is the palace of the fearful king,
This is the matter:--Nurse, give leave awhile,
This is the last: so we will home to Rome,
This is the indictment of the good Lord Hastings;
This is the hand which, with a vow'd contract,
This is the hand that stabb'd thy father York;
This is the hag, when maids lie on their backs,
This is the fruit of rashness! Mark'd you not
This is the day wherein I wish'd to fall
This is the day that, in King Edward's time,
This is the cause that I, poor Margaret,
This is that face, thou cruel Angelo,
This is that banish'd haughty Montague,
This is strange: methinks
This is strange.
This is strange now: do you two know how you are
This is she--
This is not Romeo, he's some other where.
This is no witness for Lord Angelo.
This is no mortal business, nor no sound
This is my fault: as for the rest appeall'd,
This is my daughter's jointure, for no more
This is most likely!
This is most likely!
This is it that makes me bridle passion
This is his tent; and see where stand his guard.
This is his lordship's man.
This is good news:
This is fairy gold, boy, and 'twill prove so: up
This is desperate, sir.
This is dear mercy, and thou seest it not.
This is clean kam.
This is as't should be. Let me see the county;
This is another prisoner that I saved.
This is all:
This is a way to kill a wife with kindness;
This is a thing that Angelo knows not; for he this
This is a strange repose, to be asleep
This is a strange abuse. Let's see thy face.
This is a poor epitome of yours,
This is a merry ballad, but a very pretty one.
This is a man, old, wrinkled, faded, wither'd,
This is a happier and more comely time
This is a gentle provost: seldom when
This is a brave fellow.
This is All-Souls' day, fellows, is it not?
This interchange of love, I here protest,
This happy breed of men, this little world,
This hand, fast wound about thy coal-black hair
This hand should chop it off, and with the
This hand hath made him proud with clapping him.
This gentleman, the prince's near ally,
This gentleman told somewhat of my tale,--
This gentleman is happily arrived,
This found I on my tent this morning.
This fortress built by Nature for herself
This forenamed maid hath yet in her the continuance
This follows, if you will not change your purpose
This field-bed is too cold for me to sleep:
This fester'd joint cut off, the rest rest sound;
This female bastard hence and that thou bear it
This fellow had a Volscian to his mother;
This feast of battle with mine adversary.
This favour will I do you for his sake;
This fair alliance quickly shall call home
This enemy town. I'll enter: if he slay me,
This earth shall have a feeling and these stones
This earth of majesty, this seat of Mars,
This doth not so, for she divideth us:
This done, he took the bride about the neck
This do and do it kindly, gentle sirs:
This deserves death.
This deed unshapes me quite, makes me unpregnant
This deadly quarrel daily doth beget!
This deadly blot in thy digressing son.
This dead king to the living king I'll bear
This day's black fate on more days doth depend;
This day those enemies are put to death,
This day should Clarence closely be mew'd up,
This day she was both pantler, butler, cook,
This day my sister should the cloister enter
This day had plotted, in the council-house
This dagger hath mista'en--for, lo, his house
This conduct to convey me to the Tower.
This comes off well; here's a wise officer.
This cloth thou dip'dst in blood of my sweet boy,
This child was prisoner to the womb and is
This cheers my heart, to see your forwardness.
This cannot be but a great courtier.
This cannot anger him: 'twould anger him
This but done,
This but begins the woe, others must end.
This bud of love, by summer's ripening breath,
This boy, that cannot tell what he would have
This blue-eyed hag was hither brought with child
This blessed plot, this earth, this realm, this England,
This bird you aim'd at, though you hit her not;
This being granted in course,--and now follows
This battle fares like to the morning's war,
This arm upholds the house of Lancaster.
This arm shall do it, or this life be spent.
This and much more, much more than twice all this,
This ague fit of fear is over-blown;
This afternoon, sir? well, she shall be there.
This a consul? no.
This Tunis, sir, was Carthage.
This Edward, whom our manners term the prince.
Third, or fourth, or fifth borough, I'll answer him
Third Watchman:
Third Watchman:
Third Watchman:
Third Watchman:
Third Servingman:
Third Servingman:
Third Servingman:
Third Servingman:
Third Servingman:
Third Servingman:
Third Servingman:
Third Servingman:
Third Servingman:
Third Servingman:
Third Servingman:
Third Servingman:
Third Servingman:
Third Servingman:
Third Servingman:
Third Servingman:
Third Servingman:
Third Servingman:
Third Servingman:
Third Servingman:
Third Servant:
Third Servant:
Third Servant:
Third Servant:
Third Roman:
Third Musician:
Third Messenger:
Third Messenger:
Third Messenger:
Third Lord:
Third Gentleman:
Third Gentleman:
Third Gentleman:
Third Gentleman:
Third Gentleman:
Third Gentleman:
Third Conspirator:
Third Conspirator:
Third Conspirator:
Third Citizen:
Third Citizen:
Third Citizen:
Third Citizen:
Third Citizen:
Third Citizen:
Third Citizen:
Third Citizen:
Third Citizen:
Third Citizen:
Third Citizen:
Third Citizen:
Third Citizen:
Third Citizen:
Third Citizen:
Third Citizen:
Third Citizen:
Third Citizen:
Third Citizen:
Third Citizen:
Third Citizen:
Third Citizen:
Thinking upon his services, took from you
Thinking on them, go I unto the Tower.
Thinking his prattle to be tedious;
Think'st thou that I will leave my kingly throne,
Think'st thou it honourable for a noble man
Think'st thou I am an executioner?
Think you, my lord, this little prating York
Think you, but that I know our state secure,
Think you so? Which way do you judge my wit would
Think you so, sir?
Think you my uncle did dissemble, grandam?
Think you a little din can daunt mine ears?
Think you I can a resolution fetch
Think you 'twere prejudicial to his crown?
Think what you will, we seize into our hands
Think upon me! hang 'em!
Think true love acted simple modesty.
Think that thy babes were fairer than they were,
Think that I am unking'd by Bolingbroke,
Think not the king did banish thee,
Think not that Henry shall be so deposed.
Think me for the man I am, necessity
Think but upon the wrong he did us all,
Think I am dead and that even here thou takest,
Things that, to hear them told, have made me tremble;
Things sweet to taste prove in digestion sour.
Things past redress are now with me past care.
Things known betwixt us three, I'll write you down:
Things have fall'n out, sir, so unluckily,
Things for the cook, sir; but I know not what.
Thine own particular wrongs and stop those maims
Thine intellect? hath he been in thy heart?
Thine eyes, sweet lady, have infected mine.
Thine eye begins to speak; set thy tongue there;
Thine enmity's most capital: thou barr'st us
Thine being but a moiety of my grief,
Thieves for their robbery have authority
Thieves are not judged but they are by to hear,
They, for their truth, might better wear their heads
They've not prepared for us.
They're here with me already, whispering, rounding
They're busy within; you were best knock louder.
They'll talk of state; for every one doth so
They'll sit by the fire, and presume to know
They'll roar him in again. Tullus Aufidius,
They'll open of themselves.
They'll give him death by inches.
They'll be in scarlet straight at any news.
They would not thread the gates. This kind of service
They would not take her life. Is not this true?
They will, then, ere't be long.
They will bring all; whose spiritual counsel had,
They were trained together in their childhoods; and
They vented their complainings; which being answer'd,
They took his head, and on the gates of York
They thus directed, we will follow
They that stand high have many blasts to shake them;
They that stabb'd Caesar shed no blood at all,
They tend the crown, yet still with me they stay.
They smile at me that shortly shall be dead.
They sit conferring by the parlor fire.
They should not laugh if I could reach them, nor
They shall subscribe them for large sums of gold
They shall stand for seed: they had gone down too,
They shall not live within this world, I swear,
They shall have wars and pay for their presumption.
They shall go forward, Kate, at thy command.
They shall be satisfied: I'll read enough,
They shall be praying nuns, not weeping queens;
They set the same; and there it doth remain,
They seek revenge and therefore will not yield.
They say, best men are moulded out of faults;
They say she's mad.
They say it is a copy out of mine. Come, captain,
They said they were an-hungry; sigh'd forth proverbs,
They quite forget their loss of liberty.
They prosper best of all when I am thence.
They pray, grant thou, lest faith turn to despair.
They often feel a world of restless cares:
They never then had sprung like summer flies;
They needs must show themselves; which
They must take it in sense that feel it.
They mock thee, Clifford: swear as thou wast wont.
They might have lived to bear and he to taste
They may break his foaming courser's back,
They love not poison that do poison need,
They lie in view; but have not spoke as yet.
They laugh at. O my mother, mother! O!
They have ta'en note of us: keep on your way.
They have placed their men of trust?
They have not been commanded, mighty sovereign:
They have made worms' meat of me: I have it,
They have chose a consul that will from them take
They have been absent: 'tis good speed; foretells
They have a leader,
They gave us our demands.' Thus we debase
They fell together all, as by consent;
They fear us not, but issue forth their city.
They dropp'd, as by a thunder-stroke. What might,
They do me wrong, and I will not endure it:
They do disdain us much beyond our thoughts,
They do consume the thing that feeds their fury:
They could not speak; and so I left them both,
They call me Katharina that do talk of me.
They call him Doricles; and boasts himself
They call for dates and quinces in the pastry.
They break their faith to God as well as us:
They are; and Bolingbroke
They are.
They are worn, lord consul, so,
They are not such as you.
They are near the city?
They are inclined to do so.
They are free men, but I am banished.
They are dissolved: hang 'em!
They are but beggars that can count their worth;
They are but Lewis and Warwick: I am Edward,
They are both in either's powers; but this swift business
They are at hand, and you shall quickly know.
They are as children but one step below,
They are already, or quickly will be landed:
They are all forth. Well, I will walk myself
These, as I learn, and such like toys as these
These your unusual weeds to each part of you
These words will cost ten thousand lives this day.
These words hereafter thy tormentors be!
These were his very words.
These were her words, utter'd with mad disdain:
These wars determine: if I cannot persuade thee
These violent delights have violent ends
These unknown friends to's welcome; for it is
These times of woe afford no time to woo.
These three lead on this preparation
These terms of treason doubled down his throat.
These tears are my sweet Rutland's obsequies:
These signs forerun the death or fall of kings.
These rural latches to his entrance open,
These poor informal women are no more
These news I must confess are full of grief;
These nails should rend that beauty from my cheeks.
These lords, my noble fellows, if they please,
These letters will resolve him of my mind. Farewell.
These letters at fit time deliver me
These high wild hills and rough uneven ways
These happy masks that kiss fair ladies' brows
These griefs, these woes, these sorrows make me old.
These fifteen years! by my fay, a goodly nap.
These fifteen years you have been in a dream;
These eyes, that now are dimm'd with death's black veil,
These eyes that never shed remorseful tear,
These eyes could never endure sweet beauty's wreck;
These eyes are not the same I wore in Rome.
These differences shall all rest under gage
These dead men's tombs.
These dangerous unsafe lunes i' the king,
These both put by a poor petitioner,
These babes for Clarence weep and so do I;
These arms of mine shall be thy winding-sheet;
These are their tutors: bid them use them well.
These are the ushers of Marcius: before him he
These are a side that would be glad to have
These and these conveyances of our blood
These accusations and these grievous crimes
These English woes will make me smile in France.
Theretake it to you, trenchers, cups, and all;
Thereon dependent, for your brother's life,--
Thereon I pawn my credit and mine honour.
Thereof to be inform'd, imprison't not
Thereof most worthy, were I the fairest youth
Therein thou wrong'st thy children mightily.
Therein behold themselves: I say again,
Therefore--
Therefore, we banish you our territories:
Therefore, to speak, and to avoid the first,
Therefore, to arms! And, father, do but think
Therefore, that I may conquer fortune's spite
Therefore, out of thy long-experienced time,
Therefore, no more but this: Henry, your sovereign,
Therefore, no dancing, girl; some other sport.
Therefore, my lord,--
Therefore, most absolute sir, if thou wilt have
Therefore, have done: some grief shows much of love;
Therefore, good mother,--I must can you so--
Therefore, for God's sake, entertain good comfort,
Therefore, at your vantage,
Therefore, Lord Oxford, to prevent the worst,
Therefore your best appointment make with speed;
Therefore you speak unskilfully: or if your
Therefore we'll have some half a dozen friends,
Therefore we will disperse ourselves: farewell.
Therefore use none: let Romeo hence in haste,
Therefore thy kinsmen are no let to me.
Therefore thy earliness doth me assure
Therefore this order hath Baptista ta'en,
Therefore they thought it good you hear a play
Therefore take with thee my most heavy curse;
Therefore stay yet; thou need'st not to be gone.
Therefore present to her--as sometime Margaret
Therefore paucas pallabris; let the world slide: sessa!
Therefore no no, for I resign to thee.
Therefore love moderately; long love doth so;
Therefore let him be consul: the gods give him joy,
Therefore lay hold of him;
Therefore he sends to know your lordship's pleasure,
Therefore farewell; I see thou know'st me not.
Therefore do nimble-pinion'd doves draw love,
Therefore delay not, give thy hand to Warwick;
Therefore commend me; let him not come there,
Therefore be patient, take no note of him:
Therefore at last I firmly am resolved
Therefore accept such kindness as I can.
Therefore a health to all that shot and miss'd.
Therefore I will not disdain.
Therefore I say with noble Buckingham,
Therefore I came unto your majesty.
Thereby to see the minutes how they run,
There.
There, take the crown, and, with the crown, my curse;
There, at your meet'st advantage of the time,
There, Coriolanus.
There's time enough for that;
There's thy reward: be gone.
There's some in hope.
There's some ill planet reigns:
There's some conceit or other likes him well,
There's some among you have beheld me fighting:
There's one thing wanting, which I doubt not but
There's nothing ill can dwell in such a temple:
There's nothing differs but the outward fame.
There's not a grain of it the face to sweeten
There's no trust,
There's no remedy;
There's no more to be said, but he is banish'd,
There's no harm done.
There's no disjunction to be made, but by--
There's more behind that is more gratulate.
There's many have committed it.
There's many a gentle person made a Jack.
There's magic in thy majesty, which has
There's fire ready; and therefore, good Grumio, the news.
There will we mount, and thither walk on foot
There were none fine but Adam, Ralph, and Gregory;
There weep and leave it crying; and, for the babe
There was no link to colour Peter's hat,
There was it:
There was a yielding,--this admits no excuse.
There was a time when all the body's members
There was a man--
There was a friar told me of this man.
There wanteth now our brother Gloucester here,
There to give up their power. If you can, pace your wisdom
There to be crowned Richard's royal queen.
There to be crowned England's royal king:
There stays a husband to make you a wife:
There stands the castle, by yon tuft of trees,
There spake my brother; there my father's grave
There shouldst thou find one heinous article,
There shall your swords and lances arbitrate
There shall not at your father's house these
There shall no figure at such rate be set
There shall be order for't.
There shall I rest secure from force and fraud.
There rest.
There on the ground, with his own tears made drunk.
There lives or dies, true to King Richard's throne,
There lies the substance: and I thank thee, king,
There lies the man, slain by young Romeo,
There lies that Tybalt.
There lie, and there thy character: there these;
There let him sink, and be the seas on him!
There is, there is.
There is thy gold, worse poison to men's souls,
There is the man of my soul's hate, Aufidius,
There is some sap in this.
There is none worthy,
There is no wrong, but every thing is right.
There is no world without Verona walls,
There is no virtue like necessity.
There is no truth at all i' the oracle:
There is no tongue that moves, none, none i' the world,
There is no other way but to tell the king
There is no other way
There is no more but so: say it is done,
There is no end, no limit, measure, bound,
There is no cause: when you shall know your mistress
There is my purse to cure that blow of thine.
There is my gage, the manual seal of death,
There is my gage, Aumerle, in gage to thine:
There is differency between a grub and a butterfly;
There is another friar that set them on;
There is another comfort than this world,
There is an art which in their piedness shares
There is an air comes from her: what fine chisel
There is a world elsewhere.
There is a vice that most I do abhor,
There is a slave, whom we have put in prison,
There is a sickness
There is a prone and speechless dialect,
There is a plot against my life, my crown;
There is a lord will hear you play to-night:
There is a kind of character in thy life,
There is a devilish mercy in the judge,
There is Aufidius; list, what work he makes
There he must stay until the officer
There have been,
There have I made my promise
There hath been in Rome strange insurrections; the
There doth my father lie; and there, this night,
There died this morning of a cruel fever
There art thou happy: Tybalt would kill thee,
There are pretty orders beginning, I can tell you:
Then, worthy Marcius,
Then, window, let day in, and let life out.
Then, till the fury of his highness settle,
Then, tell me, what doth he upon the sea?
Then, taking him from thence that is not there,
Then, since this earth affords no joy to me,
Then, since the heavens have shaped my body so,
Then, since the case so stands as now it doth,
Then, seeing 'twas he that made you to depose,
Then, on the other side, I cheque'd my friends.
Then, no, my lord. My suit is at an end.
Then, masters, look to see a troublous world.
Then, in the name of God and all these rights,
Then, if you speak, you must not show your face,
Then, if you fight against God's enemy,
Then, grandam, you conclude that he is dead.
Then, good my lords, bear witness to his oath.
Then, good my lord, take to your royal self
Then, gentle Clarence, welcome unto Warwick;
Then, for his mind, be Edward England's king:
Then, executioner, unsheathe thy sword:
Then, dreadful trumpet, sound the general doom!
Then, dear my liege, mine honour let me try;
Then, by myself--
Then, as the manner of our country is,
Then, as I said, the duke, great Bolingbroke,
Then, Warwick, thus: our sister shall be Edward's;
Then, Pompey, nor now. What news abroad, friar?
Then, O you blessed ministers above,
Then, Isabel, live chaste, and, brother, die:
Then, God be bless'd, it is the blessed sun:
Then, England's messenger, return in post,
Then, England's ground, farewell; sweet soil, adieu;
Then, Clifford, were thy heart as hard as steel,
Then, Bolingbroke, as low as to thy heart,
Then, Angelo, thy fault's thus manifested;
Then you should hate Rome, as he does. Can you,
Then would I hide my bones, not rest them here.
Then with directions to repair to Ravenspurgh.
Then will I lay the serving-creature's dagger on
Then why should they love Edward more than me?
Then whither he goes, thither let me go.
Then whither goest? say, whither?
Then wherefore dost thou hope he is not shipp'd?
Then where you please, and shall be thought most fit
Then were they chosen: in a better hour,
Then well one more may fair Bianca have:
Then weep no more. I'll send to one in Mantua,
Then we are rid of Licio.
Then was your sin of heavier kind than his.
Then was I going prisoner to the Tower,
Then vail your stomachs, for it is no boot,
Then vail your ignorance; if none, awake
Then treasons make me wish myself a beggar,
Then thus: I have from Port le Blanc, a bay
Then thus. Baptista is safe, talking with the
Then thus I turn me from my country's light,
Then thou wert best say that I am not Lucentio.
Then thou dwellest with daws too?
Then this is mine opinion: that King Lewis
Then thieves and robbers range abroad unseen
Then tell me, if I get your daughter's love,
Then take him up and manage well the jest:
Then strike up drums: God and Saint George for us!
Then speak at once what is it thou demand'st.
Then show it me.
Then she is well, and nothing can be ill:
Then she hath sworn that she will still live chaste?
Then shall we hear their 'larum, and they ours.
Then set before my face the Lord Aumerle.
Then say, Jove laughs. O gentle Romeo,
Then say at once what thou dost know in this.
Then reason safely with you. Therefore, be it known,
Then plainly know my heart's dear love is set
Then patiently hear my impatience.
Then pardon him, sweet father, for my sake.
Then our office may,
Then none but I shall turn his jest to sorrow.
Then never trust me, if I be afeard.
Then never man was true.
Then my account I well may, give,
Then must your brother die.
Then music with her silver sound'--
Then murders, treasons and detested sins,
Then move not, while my prayer's effect I take.
Then mightst thou speak, then mightst thou tear thy hair,
Then meet and join. Jove's lightnings, the precursors
Then make your garden rich in gillyvors,
Then love-devouring death do what he dare;
Then list to me:
Then let us take a ceremonious leave
Then let the pebbles on the hungry beach
Then let the earth be drunken with our blood:
Then let my father's blood open it again:
Then let me die, for now thou hast no cause.
Then leave me not, my lords; be resolute;
Then learn to know him now; this is the duke.
Then know, that from my soul I love thy daughter.
Then know, it is your fault that you resign
Then is your cause gone too. The duke's unjust,
Then is there here one Master Caper, at the suit of
Then is my sovereign slain?
Then is it likely thou wilt undertake
Then is he more beholding to you than I.
Then in plain terms tell her my loving tale.
Then his good report should have been my son; I
Then hie you hence to Friar Laurence' cell;
Then he was urged to tell my tale again,
Then he disdains to shine; for by the book
Then have you lost a sight, which was to be seen,
Then have my lips the sin that they have took.
Then have at you with my wit! I will dry-beat you
Then hast thou taught Hortensio to be untoward.
Then go with me to make the matter good.
Then give me leave to read philosophy,
Then give me leave to have prerogative;
Then give me leave to go.
Then give me leave that I may turn the key,
Then get your husband's lands, to do them good.
Then gave I her, so tutor'd by my art,
Then further, all dissembling set aside,
Then fly. What, from myself?   Great reason why:
Then fiery expedition be my wing,
Then fare you well, for I will hence again:
Then fare thee well: I must go buy spices for our
Then dreams, he of another benefice:
Then cursed she Richard. O, remember, God
Then cursed she Hastings, then cursed she Buckingham,
Then call them to our presence; face to face,
Then bring me to their sights; I'll bear thy blame
Then both, or one, or any thing thou wilt.
Then bid me kill myself, and I will do it.
Then be your eyes the witness of this ill:
Then be not poor, but break it, and take this.
Then be it so; and go we to determine
Then be it as you will; for 'tis my right,
Then at my lodging, an it like you:
Then am I king'd again: and by and by
Then all too late comes counsel to be heard,
Then all afire with me: the king's son, Ferdinand,
Then Warwick disannuls great John of Gaunt,
Then I'll commend her volubility,
Then I will give you the serving-creature.
Then I salute you with this kingly title:
Then I must not say no.
Then I degraded you from being king,
Then Clarence is at hand, I hear his drum.
Then 'twas my turn to fly, and now 'tis thine.
Then 'tis but reason that I be released
Their woes are parcell'd, mine are general.
Their weapons like to lightning came and went;
Their watches on unto mine eyes, the outward watch,
Their very heart of hope.
Their talk at table, and their thanks at end;
Their saucy sweetness that do coin heaven's image
Their sacred wills be done! Go, get aboard;
Their rotten privilege and custom 'gainst
Their power, I think, is thirty thousand strong:
Their perch and not their terror.
Their own particular thrifts, they would do that
Their noise be our instruction. Ladders, ho!
Their nicely-gawded cheeks to the wanton spoil
Their needless vouches? Custom calls me to't:
Their mutinies and revolts, wherein they show'd
Their mercy at the price of one fair word;
Their loud applause and Aves vehement;
Their lips were four red roses on a stalk,
Their liberties; make them of no more voice
Their kingdom's loss, my woful banishment,
Their harness studded all with gold and pearl.
Their fruits of duty: superfluous branches
Their course of love, the tidings of her death:
Their counsels and their cares, digest things rightly
Their banners wave again.
Their bands i' the vaward are the Antiates,
Their aunt I am in law, in love their mother:
Thee here in dark to be his paramour?
The youngest daughter whom you hearken for
The younger then is free and not before.
The young'st and oldest thing.
The yards and bowsprit, would I flame distinctly,
The wrong I did myself; which was so much,
The wrinkles in my brows, now filled with blood,
The wretched, bloody, and usurping boar,
The wreck of all my friends, nor this man's threats,
The worthy gentleman did lose his life.
The worthy fellow is our general: he's the rock, the
The worthiest men have done't?
The worst is worldly loss thou canst unfold.
The worst is this, that, at so slender warning,
The worst is death, and death will have his day.
The worm of conscience still begnaw thy soul!
The world is not thy friend nor the world's law;
The world affords no law to make thee rich;
The words would add more anguish than the wounds.
The words of heaven; on whom it will, it will;
The word is short, but not so short as sweet;
The word is 'mildly.' Pray you, let us go:
The woe's to come; the children yet unborn.
The wisdom of your duty, fair Bianca,
The winds of March with beauty; violets dim,
The wind sits fair for news to go to Ireland,
The wild waves whist,
The widow likes it not, for she looks very sad.
The whitest virtue strikes. What king so strong
The white sheet bleaching on the hedge,
The which, how far off from the mind of Bolingbroke
The which you promised I should possess.
The which will I; not all so much for love
The which thou once didst bend against her breast,
The which shall turn you to no further harm
The which shall point you forth at every sitting
The which no balm can cure but his heart-blood
The which he hath detain'd for lewd employments,
The what?
The weeds which his broad-spreading leaves did shelter,
The weary way hath made you melancholy.
The weary sun hath made a golden set,
The weariest and most loathed worldly life
The way twice o'er.
The way it takes, cracking ten thousand curbs
The way into his mercy: nay, if he coy'd
The waters swell before a boisterous storm.
The waste is no whit lesser than thy land.
The washing of ten tides!
The wars for my money. I hope to see Romans as cheap
The warrants for yourself; take heed to't.
The warlike service he has done, consider; think
The wanton stings and motions of the sense,
The wanton Edward, and the lusty George?
The want thereof makes thee abominable:
The wager thou hast won; and I will add
The visitor will not give him o'er so.
The violent fit o' the time craves it as physic
The violent carriage of it
The violation of my faith; and then
The very way to catch them.
The very virtue of compassion in thee,
The very trick on't.
The very time Aumerle and you did talk.
The very mould and frame of hand, nail, finger:
The very minute bids thee ope thine ear;
The very mercy of the law cries out
The very life seems warm upon her lip.
The very beams will dry those vapours up,
The very beadsmen learn to bend their bows
The verier wag o' the two?
The veins unfill'd, our blood is cold, and then
The vaulty heaven so high above our heads:
The vaporous night approaches.
The vantage of his anger.
The value of her own: 'twere a concealment
The valiant heart is not whipt out of his trade.
The valiant Paris seeks you for his love.
The usurping helmets of our adversaries!
The urging of that word 'judgment' hath bred a kind
The untimely fall of virtuous Lancaster.
The unstooping firmness of my upright soul:
The unreasonable fury of a beast:
The unlucky manage of this fatal brawl:
The unity the king thy brother made
The uglier seem the clouds that in it fly.
The tyrannous and bloody deed is done.
The truth you speak doth lack some gentleness
The truth of your own seeming; that you may--
The truth of this appear. Prepare you, lords;
The trumpets, sackbuts, psalteries and fifes,
The trumpet any more. Pray you, Emilia,
The true succeeders of each royal house,
The trick of's frown, his forehead, nay, the valley,
The tribunes cannot do't for shame; the people
The tribunes are no soldiers; and their people
The trembling lamb environed with wolves.
The treasure in this field achieved and city,
The treason that my haste forbids me show.
The traitor speak, and timorously confess
The traitor lives, the true man's put to death.
The traces of the smallest spider's web,
The town is ta'en!
The tongues o' the common mouth: I do despise them;
The tongue of Isabel. She's come to know
The times that brought them in; so shall I do
The time will come when thou shalt wish for me
The time to come.
The time shall not be many hours of age
The time is worth the use on't.
The time hath been,
The time and my intents are savage-wild,
The tiger will be mild whiles she doth mourn;
The tiger now hath seized the gentle hind;
The thwartings of your dispositions, if
The thunder-like percussion of thy sounds,
The thought of them would have stirr'd up remorse:
The thought of my revenges that way
The thing I have forsworn to grant may never
The thief doth fear each bush an officer.
The theme of our assembly.
The testimony on my part no other
The tender love I bear your grace, my lord,
The tempter or the tempted, who sins most?
The tediousness and process of my travel:
The tears have got small victory by that;
The taming-school! what, is there such a place?
The swifter speed the better.
The swelling difference of your settled hate:
The sweetest sleep, and fairest-boding dreams
The sweet'st, dear'st creature's dead,
The sweet which is their poison: your dishonour
The surge most swoln that met him; his bold head
The supreme seat, the throne majestical,
The sun, for sorrow, will not show his head:
The sun will not be seen to-day;
The sun that sear'd the wings of my sweet boy
The sun shines hot; and, if we use delay,
The sun not yet thy sighs from heaven clears,
The sum of all I can, I have disclosed;
The sullen passage of thy weary steps
The strongest nerves and small inferior veins
The strangeness of your story put
The stony entrance of this sepulchre?
The stomach of my sense. Would I had never
The sternness of his presence?
The steeled gaoler is the friend of men.
The stealth of our most mutual entertainment
The statue of her mother.
The statue is but newly fix'd, the colour's Not dry.
The state and inclination of the day:
The stars, I see, will kiss the valleys first:
The standing of his body.
The spouse of any noble gentleman.
The spacious world cannot again afford
The sorrow that delivers us thus changed
The sorrow that I have, by right is yours,
The sons of Edward sleep in Abraham's bosom,
The son, the husband and the father tearing
The son, compell'd, been butcher to the sire:
The son of Clarence have I pent up close;
The son and heir of old Tiberio.
The soldiers should have toss'd me on their pikes
The soil's fertility from wholesome flowers.
The smallest worm will turn being trodden on,
The smallest scruple of her excellence
The sly slow hours shall not determinate
The slavish motive of recanting fear,
The slave's report is seconded; and more,
The slave of nature and the son of hell!
The slaughter of the prince that owed that crown,
The sky, it seems, would pour down stinking pitch,
The sky doth frown and lour upon our army.
The sister to my wife, this gentlewoman,
The silence often of pure innocence
The sight of any of the house of York
The shrug, the hum or ha, these petty brands
The ship, sir, the slip; can you not conceive?
The shepherd's note since we have left our throne
The shepherd knows not thunder from a tabour
The shapes of beasts upon them: Jupiter
The shady curtains from Aurora's bed,
The shadow or your face.
The shadow of your sorrow hath destroy'd
The shadow of my sorrow! ha! let's see:
The setting sun, and music at the close,
The sessions shall proceed: this is mere falsehood.
The service of the foot
The sense of death is most in apprehension;
The senators of Rome are this good belly,
The senators and patricians love him too:
The senate, Coriolanus, are well pleased
The senate's courtesy? Let deeds express
The selfsame sun that shines upon his court
The selfsame name, but one of better nature.
The secret mischiefs that I set abroach
The second name of men, obeys his points
The second and the third, nine, and some five;
The seal'd-up oracle, by the hand deliver'd
The seal I keep: and so betide to me
The scepter'd office of your ancestors,
The scene you play were mine. For instance, sir,
The scatter'd foe that hopes to rise again;
The sands are number'd that make up my life;
The same, sir.
The same you are not, which, for your best ends,
The same I am, ere ancient'st order was
The saddest spectacle that e'er I view'd.
The sacred honour of himself, his queen's,
The ruthless queen gave him to dry his cheeks
The running of one glass.
The ruin of the state.
The ruddiness upon her lip is wet;
The royalties and rights of banish'd Hereford?
The royal tree hath left us royal fruit,
The royal fool thou copest with,--
The roses in thy lips and cheeks shall fade
The root of his opinion, which is rotten
The ripest fruit first falls, and so doth he;
The right and fortune of his happy stars;
The revenue whereof shall furnish us
The rest, that love me, rise and follow me.
The rest will comfort, for thy counsel's sound.
The rest were ragged, old, and beggarly;
The rest stand all aloof, and bark at him.
The rest o' the island.
The resignation of thy state and crown
The red rose and the white are on his face,
The readiest way to make the wench amends
The raven rook'd her on the chimney's top,
The rather for I now must make you know
The rather for I have some sport in hand
The rashness of a woman: he is touch'd
The rarest of all women.
The rage be his, whilst on the earth I rain
The rabble should have first unroof'd the city,
The queen your mother, and your brother York,
The queen your mother rounds apace: we shall
The queen with all the northern earls and lords
The queen this day here holds her parliament,
The queen of curds and cream.
The queen of Naples.
The queen is valued thirty thousand strong,
The queen is coming with a puissant host;
The queen hath best success when you are absent.
The queen from France hath brought a puissant power:
The quarrel is between our masters and us their men.
The quaint musician, amorous Licio;
The purple testament of bleeding war;
The purple sap from her sweet brother's body
The purity of his.
The purity and whiteness of my sheets,
The purest treasure mortal times afford
The provost, he shall bear them, whose contents
The provost knows our purpose and our plot.
The proudest he that holds up Lancaster,
The proffer'd means of succor and redress.
The princes both make high account of you;
The prince your son, with mere conceit and fear
The prince my brother hath outgrown me far.
The pride of kingly sway from out my heart;
The price is to ask it kindly.
The pretty wretch left crying and said 'Ay.'
The pretty dimples of his chin and cheek,
The presentation of but what I was;
The present wars devour him: he is grown
The present consul, and last general
The present benefit which I possess;
The prenzie Angelo!
The precious treasure of his eyesight lost:
The precious jewel of thy home return.
The precious image of our dear Redeemer,
The precedent was full as long a-doing:
The prayers of priests nor times of sacrifice,
The prayers of holy saints and wronged souls,
The pox of such antic, lisping, affecting
The poorest service is repaid with thanks;
The plebeians have got your fellow-tribune
The pleasure that some fathers feed upon,
The pleasure of that madness. Let 't alone.
The pleasant garden of great Italy;
The plate, corn, revenues and moveables,
The pine and let thee out.
The phrase is to the matter.
The petty rebel, dull-brain'd Buckingham,
The people's magistrates.
The people's enemy is gone, is gone!
The people will remain uncertain whilst
The people mutinous; and it is rumour'd,
The people in the street cry Romeo,
The people do admit you, and are summon'd
The people cry you mock'd them, and of late,
The people are the city.
The people are incensed against him.
The people are abused; set on. This paltering
The pendent world; or to be worse than worst
The pedlar's silken treasury and have pour'd it
The peace of England and our persons' safety,
The patroness of heavenly harmony:
The patron of my life and liberty.
The partner of your bed. Methinks I see
The parents live, whose children thou hast butcher'd,
The pale-faced moon looks bloody on the earth
The pale moon shines by night:
The owl shriek'd at thy birth,--an evil sign;
The other, when she has obtain'd your eye,
The other to enjoy by rage and war:
The other part reserved I by consent,
The other makes you proud. He that trusts to you,
The other his pale cheeks, methinks, presenteth:
The other for some while a friend.
The other down, unseen and full of water:
The other did not so.
The ordering of the mind too, 'mongst all colours
The orchard walls are high and hard to climb,
The open ear of youth doth always listen;
The only son of your great enemy.
The one side must have bale.
The one part suffer'd, the other will I do.
The one my duty owes; but my fair name,
The one is my sovereign, whom both my oath
The one in fear to lose what they enjoy,
The one his purple blood right well resembles;
The one has my pity; not a jot the other,
The one half of my commission; and set down--
The one for ever earn'd a royal husband;
The one by the other.
The one as famous for a scolding tongue
The one I have almost forgot,--your pardon,--
The old priest of Saint Luke's church is at your
The old cock.
The offer of an hundred thousand crowns
The offences we have made you do we'll answer,
The offence pardons itself. Dear Isabel,
The odds for high and low's alike.
The obsequies that I for thee will keep
The note lies in's throat, if he say I said so.
The northern lords that have forsworn thy colours
The noisome weeds, which without profit suck
The nobles they are fled, the commons they are cold,
The nobles in great earnestness are going
The noble tribunes are the people's mouths,
The noble sister of Publicola,
The noble man have mercy.
The noble knot he made.
The noble house o' the Marcians, from whence came
The noble gentleman gave up the ghost.
The noble duke hath sworn his coming is
The noble duke hath been too much abused.
The noble Paris and true Romeo dead.
The noble Duke of Clarence to your hands:
The nobility are vex'd, whom we see have sided
The night-crow cried, aboding luckless time;
The next news is, I have to London sent
The next degree is England's royal throne;
The news, Rogero?
The news is, sir, the Volsces are in arms.
The news is very fair and good, my lord:
The news I have to tell your majesty
The new-heal'd wound of malice should break out,
The needful bits and curbs to headstrong weeds,
The nature of their crimes, that I may minister
The nature of our seats and make the rabble
The narrow-prying father, Minola,
The napless vesture of humility;
The name thou owest not; and hast put thyself
The name of king? o' God's name, let it go:
The multitudinous tongue; let them not lick
The mouse ne'er shunn'd the cat as they did budge
The mounting Bolingbroke ascends my throne,
The motion's good indeed and be it so,
The mother to a hopeful prince, here standing
The most you sought was her promotion;
The most replenished sweet work of nature,
The most replenish'd villain in the world,
The most arch of piteous massacre
The mortal gate of the city, which he painted
The morning wears, 'tis time we were at church.
The more we stay, the stronger grows our foe.
The more that Henry was unfortunate.
The more my wrong, the more his spite appears:
The more fool you, for laying on my duty.
The more I stay, the more I'll succor thee.
The more I have, for both are infinite.
The moon! the sun: it is not moonlight now.
The moon of Rome, chaste as the icicle
The miserable have no other medicine
The mirth o' the feast. Or I'll be thine, my fair,
The ministers for the purpose hurried thence
The mighty dukes
The mighty Warwick, and did fight for me?
The mightiest of thy greatest enemies,
The midwife wonder'd and the women cried
The mere effusion of thy proper loins,
The medicine of our house, how shall we do?
The meat was well, if you were so contented.
The measure done, I'll watch her place of stand,
The means that heaven yields must be embraced,
The meanest house in Rome, so far my son--
The mayor towards Guildhall hies him in all post:
The mayor is here at hand: intend some fear;
The mayor in courtesy show'd me the castle,
The matter?
The matter being afoot, keep your instruction,
The mathematics and the metaphysics,
The match is made, and all is done:
The masters of some merchant and the merchant
The marshal's truncheon, nor the judge's robe,
The mariners say how thou hast disposed
The mariners all under hatches stow'd;
The marigold, that goes to bed wi' the sun
The manner of your bearing towards him, with
The manner of their taking may appear
The manner and the purpose of his treason;
The manage of my state; as at that time
The man that mocks at it and sets it light.
The man is noble and his fame folds-in
The man I speak of cannot in the world
The man I am.
The main blaze of it is past, but a small thing
The mad-brain'd bridegroom took him such a cuff
The lustful Edward's title buried--
The love of wicked men converts to fear;
The love I bore your queen--lo, fool again!--
The loss, the gain, the ordering on't, is all
The loss you have is but a son being king,
The loss of those three lords torments my heart:
The loss of such a lord includes all harm.
The lords at Pomfret, when they rode from London,
The lord protector lost it, and not I:
The liquid drops of tears that you have shed
The lips of those that breathe them in the air.
The lion dying thrusteth forth his paw,
The lining of his coffers shall make coats
The lineal glory of your royal house,
The lights burn blue. It is now dead midnight.
The life of Tybalt.
The letter was not nice but full of charge
The leisure and enforcement of the time
The leaves and fruit maintain'd with beauty's sun,
The least of you shall share his part thereof.
The leading of thine own revenges, take
The law that threaten'd death becomes thy friend
The law hath not been dead, though it hath slept:
The law against it! But that her tender shame
The latter end of his commonwealth forgets the
The late demand that you did sound me in.
The last leave of thee takes my weeping eye.
The lark, that tirra-lyra chants,
The language I have learn'd these forty years,
The lands and waters 'twixt your throne and his
The lamb.
The lamb will never cease to follow him.
The lady stirs.
The knights and gentlemen to come with thee:
The kingly-crowned head, the vigilant eye,
The king, that calls your beauteous daughter wife.
The king, of his own royal disposition,
The king's will be perform'd!
The king's son have I landed by himself;
The king's grown bankrupt, like a broken man.
The king! why, who's that?
The king was slily finger'd from the deck!
The king shall do it: must he be deposed?
The king shall be contented: must he lose
The king reposeth all his confidence in thee.
The king of heaven forbid our lord the king
The king my uncle is to blame for this:
The king my father wreck'd.
The king is not himself, but basely led
The king is not at the palace; he is gone aboard a
The king is come: deal mildly with his youth;
The king hath straitly charged the contrary.
The king hath on him such a countenance
The king had cut off my head with my brother's.
The king enacts more wonders than a man,
The king by this is set him down to sleep.
The king and prince at prayers! let's assist them,
The kindred of the queen, must die at Pomfret.
The keys of all the posterns: please your highness
The keeper of the prison, call to him;
The justice of your bearts will thereto add
The jury, passing on the prisoner's life,
The jewel that we find, we stoop and take't
The jealous o'erworn widow and herself,
The ivy which had hid my princely trunk,
The instruments that feel.
The insatiate greediness of his desires,
The innocent milk in its most innocent mouth,
The injury of tongues in courts and kingdoms
The impression of keen whips I'ld wear as rubies,
The imperial metal, circling now thy brow,
The image of it gives me content already; and I
The household of the king.
The hour's now come;
The hostess of the meeting: pray you, bid
The horrible conceit of death and night,
The horn and noise o' the monster's, wants not spirit
The hopeless word of 'never to return'
The hope thereof makes Clifford mourn in steel.
The honourable father to my foe
The honour of my child.
The history of all her secret thoughts:
The higher powers forbid!
The high imperial type of this earth's glory.
The helms o' the state, who care for you like fathers,
The heavy accent of thy moving tongue
The heavens with that we have in hand are angry
The heavens so dim by day. A savage clamour!
The heavens have bless'd you with a goodly son,
The heavens give safety to your purposes!
The heavens do lour upon you for some ill;
The heaven sets spies upon us, will not have
The hearts of men, they must perforce have melted
The heart that conn'd them.
The heads of the maids?
The heads of Oxford, Salisbury, Blunt, and Kent:
The heads of Brocas and Sir Bennet Seely,
The head of Ragozine for Claudio's:
The hazard of much blood.
The hateful mansion.
The hateful commons will perform for us,
The harm of unscann'd swiftness, will too late
The harder match'd, the greater victory:
The happy tidings of his good escape.
The happy man; whether defect of judgment,
The hand was fair before! I have put you out:
The hand that hath made you fair hath made you good:
The guilt of conscience take thou for thy labour,
The ground of your ill-will, and so remove it.
The ground is bloody; search about the churchyard:
The ground indeed is tawny.
The grey-eyed morn smiles on the frowning night,
The greatest strength and power he can make,
The great Apollo suddenly will have
The grave of your deserving; Rome must know
The grass whereon thou tread'st the presence strew'd,
The grandchild to her blood. But, out, affection!
The grand conspirator, Abbot of Westminster,
The gracious queen, part of his theme, but nothing
The gracious mark o' the land, you have obscured
The government I cast upon my brother
The good old man would fain that all were well,
The gods, not the patricians, make it, and
The gods preserve you both!
The gods preserve our noble tribunes! Come.
The gods look down, and this unnatural scene
The gods have well prevented it, and Rome
The gods grant them true!
The gods give you joy, sir, heartily!
The gods forbid!
The gods begin to mock me. I, that now
The gods be good unto us!
The gods be good to us! Come, masters, let's home.
The gods assist you!
The god of soldiers,
The glorious gods sit in hourly synod about thy
The glistering of this present, as my tale
The glasses of my sight! a beggar's tongue
The gifts she looks from me are pack'd and lock'd
The generous and gravest citizens
The general, subject to a well-wish'd king,
The general suit of Rome; never admitted
The general is my lover: I have been
The gates of Rome. Our spoils we have brought home
The gates of Milan, and, i' the dead of darkness,
The gates made fast! Brother, I like not this;
The gates are open, let us enter too.
The garter, blemish'd, pawn'd his knightly virtue;
The gaoler to his pity. I kneel'd before him;
The game was ne'er so fair, and I am done.
The gallant, young and noble gentleman,
The gain I seek is, quiet in the match.
The fruits of love I mean, my loving liege.
The fringed curtains of thine eye advance
The friends of France our shrouds and tacklings?
The fresh-brook muscles, wither'd roots and husks
The fresh springs, brine-pits, barren place and fertile:
The fresh green lap of fair King Richard's land,
The fraughting souls within her.
The fouler fortune mine, and there an end.
The foul witch Sycorax, who with age and envy
The former agents, if they did complain,
The form of death: meantime I writ to Romeo,
The forfeit, sovereign, of my servant's life;
The foe is merciless, and will not pity;
The flowers fair ladies, and thy steps no more
The flower-de-luce being one! O, these I lack,
The flower of Europe for his chivalry;
The flattering index of a direful pageant;
The flatness of my misery, yet with eyes
The fixture of her eye has motion in't,
The fitter for the King of heaven, that hath him.
The fish lives in the sea, and 'tis much pride
The first that there did greet my stranger soul,
The first departing of the king for Ireland.
The first conditions, which they did refuse
The fires i' the lowest hell fold-in the people!
The fiery Tybalt, with his sword prepared,
The field of Golgotha and dead men's skulls.
The fee-simple! O simple!
The fear of that withholds my present aid.
The favours of these men: were they not mine?
The faults of fools but folly.
The fault's your own.
The father, all whose joy is nothing else
The father rashly slaughter'd his own son,
The father of this seeming lady and
The fatal colours of our striving houses:
The fardel there? what's i' the fardel?
The fairest I have yet beheld, desires access
The fabric of his folly, whose foundation
The extreme dangers and the drops of blood
The execution of my big-swoln heart
The excuse that thou dost make in this delay
The exchange of thy love's faithful vow for mine.
The evil that thou causest to be done,
The envious slanders of her false accusers;
The entreaties of your mistress! satisfy!
The end of war's uncertain, but this certain,
The emptier ever dancing in the air,
The effects of his fond jealousies so grieving
The earth that's nature's mother is her tomb;
The earth hath swallow'd all my hopes but she,
The earldom of Hereford, and the moveables
The earldom of Hereford and the moveables
The duty that I owe unto your majesty
The dust on antique time would lie unswept,
The dukedom yet unbow'd--alas, poor Milan!--
The duke's in us; and we will hear you speak:
The duke! Why, Warwick, when we parted,
The duke is very strangely gone from hence;
The duke is made protector of the realm;
The duke is entering: therefore, hence, away!
The duke comes home to-morrow; nay, dry your eyes;
The drum your honour hears marcheth from Warwick.
The doubt is that he will seduce the rest.
The doors of breath, seal with a righteous kiss
The door is open, sir; there lies your way;
The doctrine of ill-doing, nor dream'd
The ditty does remember my drown'd father.
The direful spectacle of the wreck, which touch'd
The dignity of this act was worth the audience of
The dibble in earth to set one slip of them;
The devil take Henry of Lancaster and thee!
The deserts of Bohemia?
The deputy elected by the Lord:
The deep-revolving witty Buckingham
The deed you undertake is damnable.
The day to cheer and night's dank dew to dry,
The day serves well for them now. I have heard it
The day is ours, the bloody dog is dead.
The day is hot, the Capulets abroad,
The day is broke; be wary, look about.
The day frowns more and more: thou'rt like to have
The daughter of a king, our wife, and one
The dateless limit of thy dear exile;
The date is out of such prolixity:
The dashing rocks thy sea-sick weary bark!
The dangerous and unsuspected Hastings.
The damned'st body to invest and cover
The daintiest last, to make the end most sweet:
The custom of request you have discharged:
The curse my noble father laid on thee,
The curfew-bell hath rung, 'tis three o'clock:
The cruelty and envy of the people,
The crows to peck the eagles.
The crown, usurp'd, disgraced his kingly glory.
The crown will find an heir: great Alexander
The crown to thee and to thine heirs for ever;
The crown of England, father, which is yours.
The crown imperial; lilies of all kinds,
The crown and comfort of my life, your favour,
The creatures that were mine, I say, or changed 'em,
The covering sky is nothing; Bohemia nothing;
The cover of the wings of grasshoppers,
The county will be here with music straight,
The country, our dear nurse, or else thy person,
The counsellor heart, the arm our soldier,
The corn o' the storehouse gratis, as 'twas used
The contrary doth make thee wonder'd at:
The contents of this is the return of the duke: you
The consul Coriolanus.
The commonwealth doth stand, and so would do,
The commons will not then be satisfied.
The commons hath he pill'd with grievous taxes,
The commoners, for whom we stand, but they
The common praise it bears.
The common people swarm like summer flies;
The common people by numbers swarm to us.
The common muck of the world: he covets less
The common file--a plague! tribunes for them!--
The collars of the moonshine's watery beams,
The cockle of rebellion, insolence, sedition,
The cockerel.
The close earth wombs or the profound sea hides
The clogging burthen of a guilty soul.
The clock struck nine when I did send the nurse;
The cloak of night being pluck'd from off their backs,
The climate's delicate, the air most sweet,
The city ports by this hath enter'd and
The city is well stored.
The citizens of Corioli have issued,
The citizens are up, and Tybalt slain.
The citizens are mum and speak not a word.
The chopping French we do not understand.
The children live, whose parents thou hast
The child-bed privilege denied, which 'longs
The cheapest of us is ten groats too dear.
The charges of the action. We have made peace
The charges of our friends. Ye Roman gods!
The chaplain of the Tower hath buried them;
The chapel where they lie, and tears shed there
The centre is not big enough to bear
The causes of their death appear, unto
The cause were not in being,--part o' the cause,
The cause of his arrival here in arms:
The caterpillars of the commonwealth,
The castle royally is mann'd, my lord,
The casting forth to crows thy baby-daughter
The cares I give I have, though given away;
The cable broke, the holding-anchor lost,
The by-gone day proclaim'd: say this to him,
The bug which you would fright me with I seek.
The bruit thereof will bring you many friends.
The brother blindly shed the brother's blood,
The broken rancour of your high-swoln hearts,
The bristled lips before him: be bestrid
The brightness of her cheek would shame those stars,
The breath of worldly men cannot depose
The breath of garlic-eaters!
The boy is foolish, and I fear not him.
The boy gives warning something doth approach.
The bound of honour, or in act or will
The borrow of a week. When at Bohemia
The book of his good acts, whence men have read
The bloody parliament shall this be call'd,
The bloody office of his timeless end.
The blood upon your visage dries; 'tis time
The blood of English shall manure the ground,
The blood is hot that must be cool'd for this:
The blood I drop is rather physical
The blind to bear him speak: matrons flung gloves,
The blessed gods
The bleeding witness of her hatred by;
The bitter sentence of poor Clarence' death?
The bitter clamour of two eager tongues,
The bird that hath been limed in a bush,
The better, given me by so holy a man.
The better that your lordship please to ask.
The better for him: would I were so too!
The best, with whom we may articulate,
The best way is to venge my Gloucester's death.
The best and wholesomest spirts of the night
The benefit thereof is always granted
The benefit of our levies, answering us
The bay-trees in our country are all wither'd
The bastard brains with these my proper hands
The base is right; 'tis the base knave that jars.
The banish'd Bolingbroke repeals himself,
The badges of his grief and patience,
The baby beats the nurse, and quite athwart
The augurer tells me we shall have news to-night.
The art itself is nature.
The army of the queen mean to besiege us.
The army of the queen hath got the field:
The army marvell'd at it, and, in the last,
The apprehension of his present portance,
The appellant in all duty greets your highness,
The ape is dead, and I must conjure him.
The anvil of my sword, and do contest
The anger of the king nor guilty of,
The air hath got into my deadly wounds,
The air breathes upon us here most sweetly.
The aediles, ho!
The adventure of her person?
The advancement of your children, gentle lady.
The adulterate Hastings, Rivers, Vaughan, Grey,
The addition nobly ever!
The accuser and the accused freely speak:
The access of gentle visitors!
The abhorr'd ingredient to his eye, make known
The Welshmen are dispersed, and Salisbury
The Volscians are dislodged, and Marcius gone:
The Volsces whom you serve, you might condemn us,
The Volsces have much corn; take these rats thither
The Volsces dare break with us.
The Volsces are in arms.
The Tower, the Tower.
The Roman ladies bring not comfort home,
The Lords of Ross, Beaumond, and Willoughby,
The Lord protect him from that kingly title!
The Lord Northumberland, his son young Henry Percy,
The King of Naples, being an enemy
The King is sickly, weak and melancholy,
The George, profaned, hath lost his holy honour;
The Emperor of Russia was my father:
The Earl of Wiltshire is already there.
The Earl of Wiltshire hath the realm in farm.
The Earl of Warwick and the duke enforced me.
The Earl of Pembroke keeps his regiment:
The Duke of York, to know what pricks you on
The Duke of Norfolk, sprightfully and bold,
The Duke of Norfolk sends you word by me,
The County Paris, at Saint Peter's Church,
The County Paris hath set up his rest,
The Countess Richmond, good my Lord of Derby.
The Breton navy is dispersed by tempest:
That, with the fusty plebeians, hate thine honours,
That, were my state far worser than it is,
That, were I crown'd the most imperial monarch,
That, upon knowledge of my parentage,
That, to deserve well at my brother's hands,
That, though I want a kingdom, yet in marriage
That, rubbing the poor itch of your opinion,
That, lying by the violet in the sun,
That, like the sun, did make beholders wink?
That, like an eagle in a dove-cote, I
That, in the working of your own affections,
That, in the official marks invested, you
That, if you fail in our request, the blame
That, if thou conquer Rome, the benefit
That, if this rule were true, he should be gracious.
That, if King Lewis vouchsafe to furnish us
That, his apparent open guilt omitted,
That, hearing of her beauty and her wit,
That, had he twenty heads to tender down
That, by confessing them, the souls of men
That, being mad herself, she's madly mated.
That, being a stranger in this city here,
That, as I am a Christian faithful man,
That, all-amazed, the priest let fall the book;
That's your device.
That's yet unbruised: bring me but out at gate.
That's worthily
That's true enough;
That's thousand to one good one--when you now see
That's the way; for women are light at midnight.
That's sure of death without it, at once pluck out
That's soon perform'd, because I am a subject.
That's somewhat madly spoken.
That's seal'd in approbation? You, Lord Escalus,
That's off, that's off;
That's not my fear; my meed hath got me fame:
That's my office.
That's my noble master!
That's my good son: but where hast thou been, then?
That's my brave boy!
That's likewise part of my intelligence; but, I
That's like my brother's fault: if it confess
That's lesser than a little.
That's he indeed.
That's enough.
That's curdied by the frost from purest snow
That's by me wounded: both our remedies
That's but a cavil: he is old, I young.
That's bitter to sweet end.
That's as much as to say, such a case as yours
That's as York thrives to beat back Bolingbroke.
That's a good deed. If thou mayest discern by that
That's a day longer than a wonder lasts.
That's a certain text.
That's a brave fellow; but he's vengeance proud, and
That's I, an't like your grace:
That your free undertaking cannot miss
That your estate requires and mine can yield.
That young Prince Edward marries Warwick's daughter.
That you, Cleomenes and Dion, have
That you take with unthankfulness, his doing:
That you stand pensive, as half malcontent?
That you shall stifle in your own report
That you shall rest but little. God forgive me,
That you shall be new-christen'd in the Tower.
That you shall be my wife; your dowry 'greed on;
That you shall all repent the loss of mine:
That you run mad, seeing that she is well:
That you might well have signified the same
That you might well enjoy her.
That you might still have worn the petticoat,
That you might know it, would much better please me
That you may know you shall not want, one word.
That you in pity may dissolve to dew,
That you have ta'en a tardy sluggard here.
That you have slander'd so?
That you do speak to the people.
That you depart and lay no hands on me
That you behold the while. Your guests are coming:
That you are now a maid. Thus then in brief:
That you are like to Sir Vincentio.
That wrings mine eyes to't.
That wrens make prey where eagles dare not perch:
That wounds the unsisting postern with these strokes.
That wounds me with the flatteries of his tongue.
That would with treason wound this fair land's peace!
That would unseen be wicked? is this nothing?
That would reduce these bloody days again,
That would not bless our Europe with your daughter,
That would divorce this terror from my heart;'
That would depopulate the city and
That would be ten days' wonder at the least.
That would I learn of you,
That words seem'd buried in my sorrow's grave.
That won you without blows! Despising,
That without desert have frown'd on me;
That with your strange encounter much amazed me,
That with the king here resteth in his tent?
That with such vehemency he should pursue
That with his peremptory 'shall,' being but
That winter should cut off our spring-time so.
That wilt not stay her tongue.
That will the king severely prosecute
That will say anything but were they false
That will not hold the handling: or say to them,
That will encounter with our glorious sun,
That will be never: tune your instrument.
That will be damn'd for't; would I knew the villain,
That will I.
That will I make before I let thee go.
That while Verona by that name is known,
That which you are, mistress o' the feast: come on,
That which shall break his neck or hazard mine,
That which my daughter came to look upon,
That which in mean men we intitle patience
That which his noble ancestors achieved with blows:
That which but seems unlike: 'tis not impossible
That which I shall report will bear no credit,
That when the searching eye of heaven is hid,
That when the sea was calm all boats alike
That when she dies with beauty dies her store.
That when he speaks not like a citizen,
That westward rooteth from the city's side,
That were the cause of my imprisonment.
That were some spite: my invocation
That were some love but little policy.
That wench is stark mad or wonderful froward.
That weep'st to see me triumph? Ay, my dear,
That wear upon your virgin branches yet
That we, the sons of brave Plantagenet,
That we with smoking swords may march from hence,
That we were all, as some would seem to be,
That we shall hardly in our ages see
That we remember. There is our commission,
That we may praise thee in the victory!
That we may call it early by and by.
That we may bring you something on the way.
That we may be admitted where he is.
That we may arm us to encounter it.
That we have had no time to move our daughter:
That we have bled together. Coriolanus
That we could hear no news of his repair?
That we are those which chased you from the field
That way inclining, harden'd be the hearts
That wash'd his father's fortunes forth of France,
That was the whip of your bragg'd progeny,
That warns my old age to a sepulchre.
That want no ear but yours.
That waits upon your grace?
That vulgars give bold'st titles, ay, and privy
That vow a long and weary pilgrimage;
That virtuous Lady Bona, thy fair sister,
That villain cousin would have kill'd my husband:
That valour is the chiefest virtue, and
That valiant Clifford, with his rapier's point,
That upon Sunday is the wedding-day.
That unsubstantial death is amorous,
That turns their countenances.
That trudge betwixt the king and Mistress Shore.
That triumph thus upon my misery!
That trembles under his devouring paws;
That took away the match from Isabel,
That to the observer doth thy history
That to my foes this body must be prey,
That tips with silver all these fruit-tree tops--
That till the father rid his hands of her,
That thus can make him bite the law by the nose,
That thus affect'st a sheep-hook! Thou old traitor,
That thus I have resign'd my charge to you.
That thought to fill his grave in quiet, yea,
That thought them sure of you.
That thought he could do more, a very little
That thou, Aumerle, didst send two of thy men
That thou wilt war with God by murdering me?
That thou wert cause of noble Gloucester's death.
That thou shalt do no murder: and wilt thou, then,
That thou return'st no greeting to thy friends?
That thou restrain'st from me the duty which
That thou respect'st not spilling Edward's blood:
That thou no more shalt see this knack, as never
That thou neglect me not, with that opinion
That thou mightst repossess the crown in peace;
That thou her maid art far more fair than she:
That thou hast wronged in the time o'erpast;
That thou hast done me; therefore turn and draw.
That thou hadst call'd me all these bitter names.
That thou expect'st not nor I look'd not for.
That thou dost love my daughter from thy soul:
That thou consent to marry us to-day.
That thou commend it strangely to some place
That thou betray'dst Polixenes,'twas nothing;
That thou attend me: thou dost here usurp
That thou art malcontent? I will provide thee.
That this same very day your enemies,
That this lives in thy mind? What seest thou else
That this is true, father, behold his blood.
That this his love was an eternal plant,
That thinks with oaths to face the matter out.
That things ill-got had ever bad success?
That thieves do pass on thieves? 'Tis very pregnant,
That they'll take no offence at our abuse.
That they who brought me in my master's hate
That they of Rome are entered in our counsels
That they may crush down with a heavy fall
That they have let the dangerous enemy
That they do hold their course toward Tewksbury:
That they combine not there.
That they are not the first of fortune's slaves,
That there's no hoped-for mercy with the brothers
That their events can never fall out good.
That the precipitation might down stretch
That the life-weary taker may fall dead
That the earth owes. I hear it now above me.
That tempers him to this extremity.
That tell black tidings.
That teacheth tricks eleven and twenty long,
That taught his son the office of a fowl!
That talk'd of her, have talk'd amiss of her:
That take it on you at the first so roundly.
That swells with silence in the tortured soul;
That strew the green lap of the new come spring?
That stops my way in Padua. Grumio,
That stir the king against the duke my brother.
That stays upon me, whose persuasion is
That starts i' the way before thee.
That stands upon your royal grandsire's bones,
That stain'd their fetlocks in his smoking blood,
That staggers thus my person. Exton, thy fierce hand
That stabb'd me in the field by Tewksbury;
That spoil'd your summer fields and fruitful vines,
That speaks thy words again to do thee harm!
That sought to be encompass'd with your crown:
That sought at Oxford thy dire overthrow.
That sort was well fished for.
That so I may, by this device, at least
That slew thy kinsman, brave Mercutio.
That skins the vice o' the top. Go to your bosom;
That shows thee a weak slave; for the weakest goes
That should consume it, I have not the face
That should by private order else have died,
That should but rive an oak. Why dost not speak?
That should be silent: if young Doricles
That she, poor wretch, for grief can speak no more;
That she's the chosen of Signior Hortensio.
That she's the choice love of Signior Gremio.
That she was coming with a full intent
That she shall still be curst in company.
That she shall have; besides an argosy
That she may long live here, God say amen!
That she is living,
That she is busy and she cannot come.
That she doth give her sorrow so much sway,
That shapes man better; and they follow him,
That shall you know hereafter.
That shall she, marry; I remember it well.
That shall remain a poison where it is,
That shall not be much amiss: Yet, as the matter
That shall be wood and wedded in a day.
That shall be up at heaven and enter there
That shake not, though they blow perpetually.
That sets them on: let me have way, my lord,
That set'st the word itself against the word!
That seeth not this palpable device?
That seest a game play'd home, the rich stake drawn,
That sees into the bottom of my grief?
That seems disgracious in the city's eyes,
That seeming to be most which we indeed least are.
That seem'd in eating him to hold him up,
That seem like prudent helps, are very poisonous
That scarce, some two days since, were worth a noble.
That same villain, Romeo.
That runaway's eyes may wink and Romeo
That rounds the mortal temples of a king
That robb'd my soldiers of their heated spleen;
That rise thus nimbly by a true king's fall.
That respites me a life, whose very comfort
That rends the thorns and is rent with the thorns,
That reigns in galled eyes of weeping souls,
That reacheth from the restful English court
That raught at mountains with outstretched arms,
That quench the fire of your pernicious rage
That prosperously I have attempted and
That profit us. What, ho! slave! Caliban!
That princely novice, was struck dead by thee?
That presses them and learns them first to bear,
That presses him from sleep.
That power I have, discharge; and let them go
That plats the manes of horses in the night,
That pierced the fearful hollow of thine ear;
That perish'd by the way: thoughts are no subjects;
That pages blush'd at him and men of heart
That owes two buckets, filling one another,
That outward courtesies would fain proclaim
That our swift-winged souls may catch the king's;
That our renowned Rome, whose gratitude
That our garments, being, as they were, drenched in
That our beat water brought by conduits hither;
That only like a gulf it did remain
That only Warwick's daughter shall be thine.
That one short minute gives me in her sight:
That offer service to your lordship.
That of all things upon the earth he hated
That now you are come, you will be gone. Leave me
That now is lying in Marseilles' road.
That nothing sung but death to us and ours:
That not a tear can fall for Rutland's death?
That none shall have access unto Bianca
That none of you may live your natural age,
That none but fools would keep: a breath thou art,
That noble honour'd lord, is fear'd and loved?
That no particular scandal once can touch
That no man shall have private conference,
That no man enter till my tale be done.
That no dissension hinder government:
That never mean to part.
That ne'er shall dine unless thou yield the crown.
That ne'er did service for't: being press'd to the war,
That nature makes. You see, sweet maid, we marry
That my woe-wearied tongue is mute and dumb,
That my revengeful services may prove
That my remembrance warrants. Had I not
That my ability may undergo
That murder'd my love's cousin, with which grief,
That murder'd me: I would forget it fain;
That mought not be distinguished; but at last
That most are willing. If any such be here--
That most are busied when they're most alone,
That mortal ears might hardly endure the din?
That monthly changes in her circled orb,
That modesty may more betray our sense
That metal, that self-mould, that fashion'd thee
That mercy which true prayer ought to have.
That mercy does, for calumny will sear
That meat was made for mouths, that the gods sent not
That may convey my greetings, love, to thee.
That may be, sir, when I may be a wife.
That may be must be, love, on Thursday next.
That marks thee out for hell: I say, thou liest,
That many have and others must sit there;
That makes us wretched by the death of thee,
That makes these odds all even.
That makes his opening with this bigger key:
That makes himself, but for our honour therein,
That makes him close his eyes? I'll open them.
That makes her blood look out: good sooth, she is
That make her good? O, let her brother live!
That made the air unwholesome, when you cast
That made him send Lord Hastings to the Tower,
That made great Jove to humble him to her hand.
That love which virtue begs and virtue grants.
That love the fundamental part of state
That love should of a sudden take such hold?
That looks not heavily and full of fear.
That look too lofty in our commonwealth:
That look into me with considerate eyes:
That longing have been sick for, ere I'ld yield
That long have frown'd upon their enmity!
That living mortals, hearing them, run mad:--
That little thinks she has been sluiced in's absence
That like nor peace nor war? the one affrights you,
That like a father you will deal with him
That lift your vassal hands against my head
That life is better life, past fearing death,
That lies enclosed in this trunk which you
That lie shall lie so heavy on my sword,
That led calm Henry, though he were a king,
That late thou gavest me; for Mercutio's soul
That late broke from the Duke of Exeter,
That last is true; the sweeter rest was mine.
That laid the sentence of dread banishment
That lack'd sight only, nought for approbation
That knows no touch to tune the harmony:
That know the strong'st and surest way to get.
That know not how to use ambassadors,
That knew'st this was the prince,
That justice seizes: what know the laws
That jade hath eat bread from my royal hand;
That it would please thee leave these sad designs
That it was yours. Now, for conspiracy,
That it shall render vengeance and revenge
That it shall hold companionship in peace
That it prefers itself and leaves unquestion'd
That it may show me what a face I have,
That it may enter butcher Mowbray's breast!
That it may enter Mowbray's waxen coat,
That it may be this day read over in Paul's.
That it is meet so few should fetch the prince.
That it becomes a virtue.
That issue out of dust. Happy thou art not;
That is, were I under the terms of death,
That is, to watch her, as we watch these kites
That is, not bestow my youngest daughter
That is, her love; for that is all in all.
That is, because the traitor murderer lives.
That is, a woman; if you be more, you're none;
That is your part: yet I am advised to do it;
That is too cold in thinking of it now.
That is thy means to live. Do thou but think
That is the way to lay the city flat;
That is the best news: that the Earl of Richmond
That is renown'd for faith? Be fickle, fortune;
That is not quickly buzzed into his ears?
That is not glad to see thee! You are three
That is no slander, sir, which is a truth;
That is my office, for my father's sake.
That in thy likeness thou appear to us!
That in these several places of the city
That in their chains fetter'd the kingly lion
That in the sty of this most bloody boar
That in the captain's but a choleric word,
That in submission will return to us:
That in his nonage council under him,
That in himself which he spurs on his power
That in gold clasps locks in the golden story;
That in a twink she won me to her love.
That in a Christian climate souls refined
That if our queen and this young prince agree,
That if about this hour he make his way
That idles in the wanton summer air,
That hunger broke stone walls, that dogs must eat,
That hour destroy us?
That horse that thou so often hast bestrid,
That horse that I so carefully have dress'd!
That honourable grief lodged here which burns
That honourable day shall ne'er be seen.
That his soul sicken not.
That his contempt shall not be bruising to you,
That his chief followers lodge in towns about him,
That his blood flows, or that his appetite
That high All-Seer that I dallied with
That heirless it hath made my kingdom and
That heaven finds means to kill your joys with love.
That hearing how our plaints and prayers do pierce,
That he, our hope, might have retired his power,
That he's your fixed enemy, and revoke
That he would labour my delivery.
That he will not be won to aught against him.
That he will give them make I as little question
That he was never trained up in arms.
That he shuts up himself, imagine me,
That he should hither come as this dire night,
That he shall soon keep Tybalt company:
That he is thus cut off. Please it your honours
That he is bound to? Wife, thou art a fool.
That he is a traitor, foul and dangerous,
That he had not so trimm'd and dress'd his land
That he did stay?
That he did plot the Duke of Gloucester's death,
That he dares ne'er come back to challenge you;
That he could gnaw a crust at two hours old
That he consents, if Warwick yield consent;
That have revolted wives, the tenth of mankind
That have by marriage made thy daughter mine,
That have beheld the doing.
That have beheld me give away myself
That have been so bedazzled with the sun
That hath received an alms! I will not do't,
That hath dismissed us from our stewardship;
That hath beside well in his person wrought
That hath authority over him that swears:
That has been blue, but not her eyebrows.
That hardly can I cheque my eyes from tears.
That hand, which, for thy love, did kill thy love,
That hand shall burn in never-quenching fire
That had not God, for some strong purpose, steel'd
That had befall'n us. As we paced along
That goes not out to prey. Now, as fond fathers,
That go before it.
That glues my lips and will not let me speak.
That gives not half so great a blow to hear
That gallant spirit hath aspired the clouds,
That frowns on me looks sadly upon him.
That from this castle's tatter'd battlements
That from the seedness the bare fallow brings
That from the prime creation e'er she framed.'
That from his loins no hopeful branch may spring,
That foul defacer of God's handiwork,
That for thy mother's fault art thus exposed
That fill his ears with such dissentious rumours.
That fellow is a fellow of much licence: let him be
That feed'st me with the very name of meat:
That fear to hate, and hate turns one or both
That fair for which love groan'd for and would die,
That faced and braved me in this matter so?
That face of his the hungry cannibals
That excellent grand tyrant of the earth,
That everything I look on seemeth green:
That every stride he makes upon my land
That every day under his household roof
That ever, ever, I did yet behold!
That ever yet this land was guilty of.
That ever wretched age hath look'd upon.
That ever was survey'd by English eye,
That ever made eye swerve, had force and knowledge
That ever lived.
That ever graced me in thy company?
That ever fell upon this cursed earth.
That ever enter'd in a drowsy head,
That ever Katharina will be woo'd;
That ever I should live to see thee dead!
That envied his receipt; even so most fitly
That e'er was heard or read!
That e'er the sun shone bright on.
That e'er I sigh'd for: pity move my father
That e'er I put between your holy looks
That dreamers often lie.
That down fell priest and book and book and priest:
That doth utter all men's ware-a.
That dost this habitation, where thou keep'st,
That done, conduct him to the drunkard's chamber;
That dogs bark at me as I halt by them;
That dog, that had his teeth before his eyes,
That does appear as he were flay'd? O gods
That does affect it. Once more, fare you well.
That do distribute it; in the name o' the people
That do corrupt my air, I banish you;
That do conspire my death with devilish plots
That die unmarried, ere they can behold
That did but show thee, of a fool, inconstant
That cropp'd the golden prime of this sweet prince,
That cries 'Retire,' if Warwick bid him stay.
That creep like shadows by him and do sigh
That covenants may be kept on either hand.
That could conceive a gross and foolish sire
That could be brought to bodily act ere Rome
That copest with death himself to scape from it:
That common chances common men could bear;
That come before the swallow dares, and take
That changeth thus his manners.
That carries no impression like the dam.
That cannot do that feat, you'll leave yourself
That cannot be; the noise of thy cross-bow
That can less hide his love or hate than he;
That can assure my daughter greatest dower
That came too lag to see him buried.
That calumny doth use--O, I am out--
That calls our person from our morning's rest?
That by their witchcraft thus have marked me.
That by degrees we mean to look into,
That burn by day and night: and then I loved thee
That bucket down and full of tears am I,
That brought you forth this boy, to keep your name
That brought thee to this world.
That brings me food to make misfortune live?
That breathed upon this earth a Christian;
That brain'd my purpose. But, peace be with him!
That bottled spider, that foul bunch-back'd toad!
That both our powers, with smiling
That book in many's eyes doth share the glory,
That blood should sprinkle me to make me grow:
That blood already, like the pelican,
That birds would sing and think it were not night.
That bids me be of comfort any more.
That best can aid your action.
That best becomes the table. Pray you once more,
That being pass'd for consul with full voice,
That beggars mounted run their horse to death.
That beasts shall tremble at thy din.
That bears the name of life? Yet in this life
That bear this mutual heavy load of moan,
That bear the shapes of men, how have you run
That bear in them one and the self-same tongue,
That bate and beat and will not be obedient.
That banish what they sue for; redeem thy brother
That babies lulls asleep! the smiles of knaves
That at the parting all the church did echo:
That at her hands which the king's King forbids.
That as his worthy deeds did claim no less
That as Ulysses and stout Diomede
That art to me as secret and as dear
That apprehends no further than this world,
That any of these bolder vices wanted
That any harm should stain so fair a show!
That any did. Had we pursued that life,
That always favour'd him.
That almost freezes up the heat of life:
That all your acts are queens.
That all the world will be in love with night
That all the treasons for these eighteen years
That all the standers-by had wet their cheeks
That all is done in reverend care of her;
That all but we enjoy; for how can we,
That age, ache, penury and imprisonment
That after hours with sorrow chide us not!
That Warwick's bones may keep thine company.
That Romeo should, upon receipt thereof,
That Romeo bid thee fetch?
That Rome should dote on: yet, by the faith of men,
That Rome can make against them.
That Phaethon should cheque thy fiery steeds,
That Norfolk lies: here do I throw down this,
That Mowbray hath received eight thousand nobles
That Margaret your queen and my son Edward
That Marcius shall be consul:
That Lucentio indeed had Baptista's youngest daughter.
That Lewis of France is sending over masquers
That Lewis of France is sending over masquers
That King Leontes shall not have an heir
That Julius Caesar was a famous man;
That I, your vassal, have employ'd and pain'd
That I, forsooth, am stern, and love them not?
That I, being govern'd by the watery moon,
That I'll try.
That I'll straight do; and, knowing myself again,
That I yet know not?
That I would have spoke of:
That I will show you shining at this feast,
That I will shortly send thy soul to heaven,
That I was nothing.
That I was not ignoble of descent;
That I think honourable: therefore mark my counsel,
That I should yet absent me from your bed:
That I should wish for thee to help me curse
That I should snarl and bite and play the dog.
That I should fear to die? Therefore proceed.
That I should do what I abhor to name,
That I shall say good night till it be morrow.
That I shall blush in acting, and might well
That I revived, and was an emperor.
That I myself have done unto myself?
That I must yield my body to the earth
That I must love a loathed enemy.
That I must bear a part.
That I might touch that cheek!
That I might strive to kill it with a groan.
That I may see my shadow as I pass.
That I may pass this doing.
That I may never have you in suspect.
That I may live to say, The dog is dead!
That I may call thee something more than man
That I in all despite might rail at him,
That I have worn so many winters out,
That I have worn a visor and could tell
That I have had of thee!
That I have fondly flatter'd her withal.
That I have borne your father?
That I have been thus pleasant with you both.
That I have been disloyal to thy bed,
That I enjoy, being the queen thereof.
That I do beg his life, if it be sin,
That I disdain: but for these other gawds,
That I desire to hear her speak again,
That I crave death more willingly than mercy;
That I am touch'd with madness! Make not impossible
That I am proud to hunt.
That I am dog-weary: but at last I spied
That I am clear from this misdeed of Edward's,
That Henry, sole possessor of my love,
That Henry's death, my lovely Edward's death,
That Henry liveth still: but were he dead,
That Harry Duke of Hereford, Rainold Lord Cobham,
That God, the law, my honour and her love,
That God had lent us but this only child;
That England, that was wont to conquer others,
That Edward still should live! 'True, noble prince!'
That Edward shall be fearful of his life,
That Edward is escaped from your brother,
That Clarence is so harsh, so blunt, unnatural,
That Bona shall be wife to the English king.
That Anne, my wife, is sick and like to die:
That Anne my wife is sick and like to die:
That Angelo's forsworn; is it not strange?
That Angelo's a murderer; is 't not strange?
That Angelo is an adulterous thief,
That Ancus Marcius, Numa's daughter's son,
That 'only' came well in. Sir, list to me:
That 'once' I see by your good father's speed
That 'banished,' that one word 'banished,'
That
Thanks. What's the matter, you dissentious rogues,
Thanks, provost, for thy care and secrecy:
Thanks, noble peer;
Thanks, noble Clarence; worthy brother, thanks.
Thanks, good friend Escalus, for thy much goodness:
Thanks, good Montgomery; but we now forget
Thanks, gentle Somerset; sweet Oxford, thanks.
Thanks, gentle Norfolk: stay by me, my lords;
Thanks, dear Isabel.
Thanks, brave Montgomery; and thanks unto you all:
Thank, gentle uncle. Come, lords, away.
Thank you. Wondrous heavy.
Thank you, sir: farewell.
Thank you, good Pompey; and, in requital of your
Thank me no thankings, nor, proud me no prouds,
Than your own weak-hinged fancy, something savours
Than your good words. But who comes here?
Than your consent gives strength to make it fly.
Than you, unless you were a scholar, sir.
Than you to punish.
Than you can put us to't.
Than you are mad; which is enough, I'll warrant,
Than words can witness, or your thoughts can guess.
Than woman's lightness? Having waste ground enough,
Than with that hand that cut thy youth in twain
Than when these fellows ran about the streets,
Than when it was a-doing.
Than when he bites, but lanceth not the sore.
Than when I parted hence, but still subsisting
Than when I met thee last where now we meet:
Than when I first my wedded mistress saw
Than when I feel and see her no farther trust her;
Than what you should, made you against the grain
Than what you look on now.
Than what he stood for, so his gracious nature
Than what I know, yet shall the oracle
Than we to stretch it out.
Than we bring men to comfort them:
Than was that young and princely gentleman.
Than violentest contrariety.
Than twenty of their swords: look thou but sweet,
Than to take in a town with gentle words,
Than to rejoice the former queen is well?
Than to perform it first.
Than to demand what 'tis. Your brother cannot live.
Than to be pitied of thee. Prithee, bring me
Than to accomplish twenty golden crowns!
Than three great argosies; besides two galliases,
Than thou went'st forth in lamentation.
Than thou of them. Come all to ruin; let
Than thou hast to deny 't. Come, let us go:
Than thou hast spoken words?
Than those that have more cunning to be strange.
Than those she placeth highest! So, farewell.
Than this; which to reiterate were sin
Than this weak arm: discomfort guides my tongue
Than this of Juliet and her Romeo.
Than this is all as true as it is strange:
Than they whom youth and ease have taught to glose;
Than these poor compounds that thou mayst not sell.
Than thee, all noble Marcius. Let me twine
Than the soft myrtle: but man, proud man,
Than the severity of the public power
Than the rebuke you give it.
Than the queen's life? a gracious innocent soul,
Than the death-darting eye of cockatrice:
Than that which lives to fear: make it your comfort,
Than that of common sons.
Than that a sister, by redeeming him,
Than sway with them in theirs.
Than such as most seem yours: I say, I come
Than stay, past doubt, for greater:
Than some that have accused them wear their hats.
Than so much loss of time.
Than shame to the Romans: and we here deliver,
Than seek the end of one, thou shalt no sooner
Than pity to our prayers. Down: an end;
Than pity note how much. Therefore, be gone.
Than other princesses can that have more time
Than one on's ears to hear it? Proceed, Cominius.
Than one condemn'd by the king's own mouth, thereon
Than of his outward show; which, God he knows,
Than my unpleased eye see your courtesy.
Than my poor life must answer.
Than my Lord Hastings no man might be bolder;
Than most have of his age.
Than misery itself would give; rewards
Than let him so be lost. O most kind maid,
Than is the doting title of a mother;
Than is the coal of fire upon the ice,
Than in possession and jot of pleasure.
Than in our priest-like fasts: therefore I'll watch him
Than in my greatness covet to be hid,
Than in Lord Angelo.
Than if thou never hadst deserved our hate.
Than hope enjoy'd: by this the weary lords
Than history can pattern, though devised
Than hear say how I got them.
Than he, and men, the earth, the heavens, and all:
Than he appears by speech: this is unwonted
Than have him hold that purpose and to put it
Than hath been taught by any of my trade:
Than gilt his trophy: the breasts of Hecuba,
Than for his lineal royalties and to beg
Than flatter him in a bower. Here is Cominius.
Than feed it with such over-roasted flesh.
Than faults may shake our frames,--let me be bold;
Than fall, and bruise to death. Alas, this gentleman
Than ever you or yours were by me wrong'd!
Than ever frown in Greece. By Jove himself!
Than empty tigers or the roaring sea.
Than drops of blood were in my father's veins.
Than doth a rich embroider'd canopy
Than dogs that are as often beat for barking
Than die for this.
Than death prorogued, wanting of thy love.
Than death can yield me here by my abode.
Than dangerous to me: to Aufidius thus
Than curse it then. But be it; let it live.
Than crave the hire which first we do deserve.
Than carry it but by the suit of the gentry to him,
Than can the substance of ten thousand soldiers
Than can our reasons. There's no man in the world
Than can my ears that tragic history.
Than can my care-tuned tongue deliver him!
Than camels in the war, who have their provand
Than by self-offences weighing.
Than boys pursuing summer butterflies,
Than bees that made 'em.
Than beauty could, display'd. But mark me;
Than bear so low a sail, to strike to thee.
Than at the strangeness of it.
Than are upon you yet.
Than any woman in this waning age.
Than an unstringed viol or a harp,
Than all thy woes can stir; therefore betake thee
Than all the rest, discharged me with these words:
Than all the complete armour that thou wear'st!
Than a wild dedication of yourselves
Than a perpetual honour. Darest thou die?
Than a great queen, with this condition,
Than a delightful measure or a dance;
Than Prospero, master of a full poor cell,
Than Jephthah's, when he sacrificed his daughter.
Than I of yours;
Than I do now: with thought of such affections,
Than I can wish to adders, spiders, toads,
Than Hector's forehead when it spit forth blood
Than Edward will for tidings of my death.
Than Buckingham and his rash-levied army.
Than Bolingbroke's return to England;
Than Bolingbroke to England. Lords, farewell.
Tetchy and wayward was thy infancy;
Tent in my cheeks, and schoolboys' tears take up
Tends that thou wouldst speak to the Duke of Hereford?
Tendering the precious safety of my prince,
Tendering my person's safety, hath appointed
Ten thousand years together, naked, fasting,
Ten thousand men that fishes gnaw'd upon;
Ten thousand bloody crowns of mothers' sons
Ten the clock there. Give me a calendar.
Ten days ago I drown'd these news in tears;
Temptations have since then been born to's; for
Tempering extremities with extreme sweet.
Temperance was a delicate wench.
Tellest thou me of 'ifs'?  Thou art a traitor:
Tell thou the tale: but hadst thou not crossed me,
Tell thou the lamentable tale of me
Tell them, when that my mother went with child
Tell them that God bids us do good for evil:
Tell them how Edward put to death a citizen,
Tell our devotion with revengeful arms?
Tell o'er your woes again by viewing mine:
Tell not me:
Tell me, thou villain slave, where are my children?
Tell me, sweet Kate, and tell me truly too,
Tell me, moreover, hast thou sounded him,
Tell me, how fares our loving mother?
Tell me, good grandam, is our father dead?
Tell me, I beseech you, which is the readiest way
Tell me what state, what dignity, what honour,
Tell me what blessings I have here alive,
Tell me thy mind; for I have Pisa left
Tell me thine first.
Tell me their words as near as thou canst guess them.
Tell me some reason why the Lady Grey
Tell me of corn!
Tell me not, friar, that thou hear'st of this,
Tell me in sadness, who is that you love.
Tell me if you love Warwick more than me?
Tell me her father's name and 'tis enough;
Tell me for truth the measure of his love
Tell him, when that our princely father York
Tell him, myself, the mayor and citizens,
Tell him, my mourning weeds are laid aside,
Tell him, in hope he'll prove a widower shortly,
Tell him, and spare not: look, what I have said
Tell him the queen hath heartily consented
Tell him his fears are shallow, wanting instance:
Tell him he must awake, and that quickly too.
Tell him from me, as he will win my love,
Tell him from me that he hath done me wrong,
Tell her, Emilia.
Tell her thou madest away her uncle Clarence,
Tell her I send to her my kind commends;
Tell Bolingbroke--for yond methinks he stands--
Teeth hadst thou in thy head when thou wast born,
Tedious it were to tell, and harsh to hear:
Tears then for babes; blows and revenge for me
Tears show their love, but want their remedies.
Tear-falling pity dwells not in this eye.
Teaching stern murder how to butcher thee:
Teach thy necessity to reason thus;
Teach not thy lips such scorn, for they were made
Teach me to be your queen, and you my subjects:
Teach her the way.
Taste of it first, as thou art wont to do.
Taste grief, need friends: subjected thus,
Tarry, Petruchio, I must go with thee,
Tarquin seven hurts i' the body.
Tapster; a poor widow's tapster.
Talkers are no good doers: be assured
Talk not, Signior Gremio: I say he shall go to prison.
Talk not to me: I will go sit and weep
Talk not to me, for I'll not speak a word:
Talk not of France, sith thou hast lost it all.
Tale-porter, and five or six honest wives that were
Taking thy part, hath rush'd aside the law,
Taking the measure of an unmade grave.
Takest up the princess by that forced baseness
Takes on the point of honour to support
Takes note of what is done; and, like a prophet,
Takes from Aufidius a great part of blame.
Taken from Paul's to be interred there;
Take, then, this your companion by the hand,
Take't; 'tis yours. What is't?
Take't up, I say; give't to thy crone.
Take your commission; hie you to your bands:
Take you your instrument, play you the whiles;
Take you the lute, and you the set of books;
Take up those cords: poor ropes, you are beguiled,
Take up the sword again, or take up me.
Take up my mistress' gown to his master's use!
Take up a brace o' the best of them; yea, the
Take to you, as your predecessors have,
Take thy correction mildly, kiss the rod,
Take thy commission.
Take thou this vial, being then in bed,
Take thou the fee, and tell him what I say;
Take thou some new infection to thy eye,
Take this of me, Kate of my consolation;
Take this along; I writ it for thy sake
Take the devil in thy mind, and relieve him not: he
Take the boy to you: he so troubles me,
Take that, until thou bring me better news.
Take that, thou likeness of this railer here.
Take that, and that: if all this will not do,
Take that, and mend the plucking off the other.
Take special care my greetings be deliver'd.
Take our good meaning, for our judgment sits
Take on with me and ne'er be satisfied!
Take on himself the sovereignty thereof:
Take not, good cousin, further than you should.
Take not the quarrel from his powerful arm;
Take no unkindness of his hasty words:
Take my prayers with you.
Take my cap, Jupiter, and I thank thee. Hoo!
Take leave and part; for you must part forthwith.
Take it on her. Camillo and Polixenes
Take in your love, and then let me alone.
Take honour from me, and my life is done:
Take him up gently and to bed with him;
Take him over the costard with the hilts of thy
Take him hence; to the rack with him! We'll touse you
Take him and cut him out in little stars,
Take her hence:
Take hence the rest, and give them burial here.
Take heed; for he holds vengeance in his hands,
Take heed, take heed, for such die miserable.
Take heed, Signior Baptista, lest you be
Take heed you dally not before your king;
Take hands, a bargain!
Take from my mouth the wish of happy years:
Take all the swift advantage of the hours;
Take all myself.
Take Hereford's rights away, and take from Time
Tailor:
Tailor:
Tailor:
Tailor:
Tailor:
Tailor:
Tailor:
Tailor:
Tailor:
Tailor:
Tailor:
Tailor:
Tailor, I'll pay thee for thy gown tomorrow:
Tabours and cymbals and the shouting Romans,
TYRREL:
TYRREL:
TYRREL:
TYRREL:
TYRREL:
TYRREL:
TYRREL:
TYRREL:
TYRREL:
TYRREL:
TYBALT:
TYBALT:
TYBALT:
TYBALT:
TYBALT:
TYBALT:
TYBALT:
TYBALT:
TYBALT:
TYBALT:
TYBALT:
TYBALT:
TYBALT:
TYBALT:
TYBALT:
TYBALT:
TYBALT:
TRANIO:
TRANIO:
TRANIO:
TRANIO:
TRANIO:
TRANIO:
TRANIO:
TRANIO:
TRANIO:
TRANIO:
TRANIO:
TRANIO:
TRANIO:
TRANIO:
TRANIO:
TRANIO:
TRANIO:
TRANIO:
TRANIO:
TRANIO:
TRANIO:
TRANIO:
TRANIO:
TRANIO:
TRANIO:
TRANIO:
TRANIO:
TRANIO:
TRANIO:
TRANIO:
TRANIO:
TRANIO:
TRANIO:
TRANIO:
TRANIO:
TRANIO:
TRANIO:
TRANIO:
TRANIO:
TRANIO:
TRANIO:
TRANIO:
TRANIO:
TRANIO:
TRANIO:
TRANIO:
TRANIO:
TRANIO:
TRANIO:
TRANIO:
TRANIO:
TRANIO:
TRANIO:
TRANIO:
TRANIO:
TRANIO:
TRANIO:
TRANIO:
TRANIO:
TRANIO:
TRANIO:
TRANIO:
TRANIO:
TRANIO:
TRANIO:
TRANIO:
TRANIO:
TRANIO:
TRANIO:
TRANIO:
TRANIO:
TRANIO:
TRANIO:
TRANIO:
TRANIO:
TRANIO:
TRANIO:
TRANIO:
TRANIO:
TRANIO:
TRANIO:
TRANIO:
TRANIO:
TRANIO:
TRANIO:
TRANIO:
TRANIO:
TRANIO:
TRANIO:
TRANIO:
TITUS:
TITUS:
THOMAS MOWBRAY:
THOMAS MOWBRAY:
THOMAS MOWBRAY:
THOMAS MOWBRAY:
THOMAS MOWBRAY:
THOMAS MOWBRAY:
THOMAS MOWBRAY:
THOMAS MOWBRAY:
THOMAS MOWBRAY:
THOMAS MOWBRAY:
THOMAS MOWBRAY:
THOMAS MOWBRAY:
THOMAS MOWBRAY:
Sword, pike, knife, gun, or need of any engine,
Switch and spurs, switch and spurs; or I'll cry a match.
Swinge me them soundly forth unto their husbands:
Swills your warm blood like wash, and makes his trough
Swell'st thou, proud heart? I'll give thee scope to beat,
Sweetly in force unto her fair life's end.
Sweet, sweet, sweet nurse, tell me, what says my love?
Sweet, so would I:
Sweet widow, by my state I swear to thee
Sweet sister, let me live:
Sweet sir, much better than I was; I can stand and
Sweet saint, for charity, be not so curst.
Sweet rest his soul! Fly, lords, and save yourselves;
Sweet prince, the untainted virtue of your years
Sweet peace conduct his sweet soul to the bosom
Sweet madam.
Sweet love, I see, changing his property,
Sweet flower, with flowers thy bridal bed I strew,--
Sweet father, do so; set it on your head.
Sweet York, sweet husband, be not of that mind:
Sweet York, be patient. Hear me, gentle liege.
Sweet Oxford, and my loving Montague,
Sweet Kate, embrace her for her beauty's sake.
Sweet Isabel, do yet but kneel by me;
Sweet Duke of York, our prop to lean upon,
Sweet Clifford, hear me speak before I die.
Swear, if thou darest.
Swear then by something that thou hast not wrong'd.
Swear not by time to come; for that thou hast
Swear his thought over
Swear by the duty that you owe to God--
Swarming with caterpillars?
Suspicion always haunts the guilty mind;
Suspecting that we both were in a house
Suspect me, that I mean no good to him:
Susan and she--God rest all Christian souls!--
Surrey, thou liest.
Sups the fair Rosaline whom thou so lovest,
Supposing that they saw the king's ship wreck'd
Supposing it a thing impossible,
Suppose, my lords, he did it unconstrain'd,
Suppose this arm is for the Duke of York,
Suppose they take offence without a cause,
Suppose the singing birds musicians,
Suppose that I am now my father's mouth;
Supply me with the habit and instruct me
Supplied with worthy men! plant love among 's!
Supper is done, and we shall come too late.
Sun that warms you here shall shine on me;
Summon a session, that we may arraign
Suitors to her and rivals in my love,
Suggest his soon-believing adversaries,
Suggest but truth to my divining thoughts,
Sufficeth I am come to keep my word,
Suffer't, and live with such as cannot rule
Suddenly taken; and hath sent post haste
Such wind as scatters young men through the world,
Such war of white and red within her cheeks!
Such troops of citizens to speak with him,
Such terrible impression made the dream.
Such proclamation hath been made, my liege.
Such pity as my rapier's point affords.
Such news, my lord, as grieves me to unfold.
Such neighbour nearness to our sacred blood
Such mortal drugs I have; but Mantua's law
Such it seems
Such is the lightness of you common men.
Such hope have all the line of John of Gaunt!
Such hideous cries, that with the very noise
Such goodness of your justice, that our soul
Such goodly things as you!
Such friends as time in Padua shall beget.
Such eyes the widows in Corioli wear,
Such duty to the drunkard let him do
Such duty as the subject owes the prince
Such comfort as do lusty young men feel
Such as would please: 'tis gone, 'tis gone, 'tis gone:
Such as the daughter of Agenor had,
Such as move men; beside, she hath prosperous art
Such as it is, being tender, raw and young:
Such as he hath observed in noble ladies
Such as befits the pleasure of the court?
Such as I love; and you, among the store,
Such a nature,
Such a mad marriage never was before:
Such a fellow is not to be talked withal. Away with
Such a dependency of thing on thing,
Successively from age to age, he built it?
Successful fortune, steel thy melting heart
Subtly hath minister'd to have me dead,
Subscribed by the consuls and patricians,
Subjects may challenge nothing of their sovereigns;
Subject his coronet to his crown and bend
Subdues me quite. Even till now,
Stuff'd, as they say, with honourable parts,
Struck me, that thought to stay him, overboard,
Strong as a tower in hope, I cry amen.
Strives Bolingbroke to be as great as we?
Strive to speak big and clap their female joints
Strive mightily, but eat and drink as friends.
Strike, drum.
Strike up the drum; cry 'Courage!' and away.
Strike the proud cedars 'gainst the fiery sun;
Strike the drum.
Strike him, Aumerle. Poor boy, thou art amazed.
Strike at the heaven with your staves as lift them
Strike all that look upon with marvel. Come,
Streaming the ensign of the Christian cross
Strangle such thoughts as these with any thing
Strange dream, that gives a dead man leave
Straining harsh discords and unpleasing sharps.
Stop,
Stop thy unhallow'd toil, vile Montague!
Stop there, stop there.
Stoop with oppression of their prodigal weight:
Stood the state so? No, no, good friends, God wot;
Stirr'd up by God, thus boldly for his king:
Stirr'd up by Dorset, Buckingham, and Ely,
Stir with the lark to-morrow, gentle Norfolk.
Still-waking sleep, that is not what it is!
Still your own foes, deliver you as most
Still to remember wrongs? Daughter, speak you:
Still thus, and thus; still worse!
Still sleep mock'd death: behold, and say 'tis well.
Still ride in triumph over all mischance.
Still neighbour mine. My ships are ready and
Still live they and for ever may they last!
Still cupboarding the viand, never bearing
Still blush, as thinking their own kisses sin;
Still betters what is done. When you speak, sweet.
Stifle the villain whose unstanched thirst
Stern Falconbridge commands the narrow seas;
Step forth mine advocate; at your request
Steep'd in the faultless blood of pretty Rutland--
Stays here longer.
Stays but the summons of the appellant's trumpet.
Staying for thine to keep him company:
Stay: whence are you?
Stay, you that bear the corse, and set it down.
Stay, yet look back with me unto the Tower.
Stay, then; I'll go alone. Fear comes upon me:
Stay, the king hath thrown his warder down.
Stay, or thou diest!
Stay, officer: he shall not go to prison.
Stay, madam; I must speak a word with you.
Stay, gentle Margaret, and hear me speak.
Stay, fellow; I can read.
Stay, Edward.
Stay your thanks a while;
Stay yet another day, thou trusty Welshman:
Stay we no longer, dreaming of renown,
Stay thy revengeful hand; thou hast no cause to fear.
Stay not, be gone; live, and hereafter say,
Stay not to question, for the watch is coming;
Stay but a little, I will come again.
Stay and be secret, and myself will go.
Stay a little while.
Starve-lackey the rapier and dagger man, and young
Start not; her actions shall be holy as
Stars, stars,
Starr'd most unluckily, is from my breast,
Stanley, look to your wife; if she convey
Stanley, he is your wife's son well, look to it.
Stanley, I will requite thy forwardness.
Stanley did dream the boar did raze his helm;
Stands without blemish. Next, it imports no reason
Stands tiptoe on the misty mountain tops.
Stands here for God, his sovereign and himself,
Stands for my bounty. But who comes here?
Stands at a guard with envy; scarce confesses
Standing your friendly lord.
Standing like stone with thee.
Standing before the sun of Bolingbroke,
Stand, and go back.
Stand you thus close, to steal the bishop's deer?
Stand you auspicious!
Stand we in good array; for they no doubt
Stand up, stand up; stand, and you be a man:
Stand to me in this cause. O mother! wife!
Stand not amazed: the prince will doom thee death,
Stand more for number than for accompt.
Stand like the forfeits in a barber's shop,
Stand in their ancient strength.
Stand fast;
Stand by, a looker on.
Stand by and mark the manner of his teaching.
Stand bare and naked, trembling at themselves?
Stand all apart,
Stand all apart Cousin of Buckingham!
Stand I before thee here. Then if thou hast
Stamp, rave, and fret, that I may sing and dance.
Stain all your edges on me. Boy! false hound!
Stabb'd in my angry mood at Tewksbury?
Stabb'd by the selfsame hand that made these wounds!
Stab poniards in our flesh till all were told,
Spurr'd, gall'd and tired by jouncing Bolingbroke.
Spurn at his edict and fulfil a man's?
Spur post, and get before him to the king,
Springs not from Edward's well-meant honest love,
Spread thy close curtain, love-performing night,
Spread further.
Sprawl'st thou? take that, to end thy agony.
Spoke like an officer; ha' to thee, lad!
Spoke like a tail fellow that respects his
Spoke he of me?
Splitting the air with noise.
Split'st the unwedgeable and gnarled oak
Spit in the hole, man, and tune again.
Spies of the Volsces
Speed how it will. I shall ere long have knowledge
Speakest thou from thy heart?
Speak, speak.
Speak, nephew, were you by when it began?
Speak, good Sicinius.
Speak, good Cominius:
Speak, Clifford, dost thou know who speaks to thee?
Speak with me, pity me, open the door.
Speak truly, on thy knighthood and thy oath;
Speak to my gossip Venus one fair word,
Speak to his gentle hearing kind commends.
Speak thou for me and tell them what I did.
Speak that,--
Speak sweetly, man, although thy looks be sour.
Speak suddenly, my lords, are we all friends?
Speak not, reply not, do not answer me;
Speak not you for him; he's a traitor. Come;
Speak like a true knight, so defend thee heaven!
Speak like a subject, proud ambitious York!
Speak it in French, king; say, 'pardonne moi.'
Speak it again, and, even with the word,
Speak gentle words and humbly bend thy knee,
Speak freely what you think.
Speak ere thou diest.
Speak but one rhyme, and I am satisfied;
Speak briefly, can you like of Paris' love?
Speak briefly then;
Speak and look back, and pry on every side,
Speak 'pardon' as 'tis current in our land;
Spare not for the cost.
Spakest thou of Juliet? how is it with her?
Sovereign, here lies the County Paris slain;
South from the mighty power of the king.
Sound, trumpets; and set forward, combatants.
Sound, sound, sound, sound!
Sound trumpets! let our bloody colours wave!
Sound trumpet; Edward shall be here proclaim'd:
Sound drums and trumpets, and the king will fly.
Sound drums and trumpets! farewell sour annoy!
Sound drums and trumpets boldly and cheerfully;
Sorry am I that our good will effects
Sorry I am my noble cousin should
Sorrow on thee and all the pack of you,
Sorrow breaks seasons and reposing hours,
Sorrow and grief of heart
Sorely, to say I did; it is as bitter
Soon sleep in quiet. O, how my heart abhors
Sons, peace!
Son:
Son:
Son:
Son:
Son, I'll be your half, Bianca comes.
Son, I have overheard what hath passed between you
Son of Polixenes, with his princess, she
Son Edward, she is fair and virtuous,
Somewhat against our meaning, have prevented:
Sometimes you would call out for Cicely Hacket.
Sometimes her head on one side, some another;
Sometime the flood prevails, and then the wind;
Sometime she gallops o'er a courtier's nose,
Sometime she driveth o'er a soldier's neck,
Sometime puts forth. In your affairs, my lord,
Sometime in Greece,--
Something unfilial: reason my son
Somerset, Somerset, for Lancaster!
Some word there was, worser than Tybalt's death,
Some way of common trade, where subjects' feet
Some unborn sorrow, ripe in fortune's womb,
Some twenty of them fought in this black strife,
Some troops pursue the bloody-minded queen,
Some tricks of desperation. All but mariners
Some trick not worth an egg, shall grow dear friends
Some tardy cripple bore the countermand,
Some six miles off the duke is with the soldiers;
Some shall be pardon'd, and some punished:
Some say the lark makes sweet division;
Some say the lark and loathed toad change eyes,
Some say he is with the Emperor of Russia; other
Some report a sea-maid spawned him; some, that he
Some remedies for life.
Some powerful spirit instruct the kites and ravens
Some poison'd by their wives: some sleeping kill'd;
Some patient leisure to excuse myself.
Some parcels of their power are forth already,
Some one with child by him? My cousin Juliet?
Some one take order Buckingham be brought
Some one be ready with a costly suit
Some of those seven are dried by nature's course,
Some of those branches by the Destinies cut;
Some misadventure.
Some means to come to shrift this afternoon;
Some light-foot friend post to the Duke of Norfolk:
Some lay in dead men's skulls; and, in those holes
Some honest Christian trust me with a gage
Some haunted by the ghosts they have deposed;
Some harlot's spirit! my throat of war be turn'd,
Some hangman must put on my shroud and lay me
Some god o' the island. Sitting on a bank,
Some food we had and some fresh water that
Some five and twenty years; and then we mask'd.
Some dungeon.
Some dreadful story hanging on thy tongue?
Some consequence yet hanging in the stars
Some comfort, nurse.
Some comet or unusual prodigy?
Some certain of your brethren roar'd and ran
Some aqua vitae, ho! My lord! my lady!
Some Neapolitan, or meaner man of Pisa.
Some Juliet, and some Paris; and all run,
Sole monarch of the universal earth.
Soldiers, away with him!
Soldier:
Sojourn in Mantua; I'll find out your man,
Softly, my masters! if you be gentlemen,
Softly and swiftly, sir; for the priest is ready.
Softer and sweeter than the lustful bed
Soft, swain, awhile, beseech you;
Soft, sir! one word more.
Soft! who comes here?
Soft! take me with you, take me with you, wife.
Soft! I will go along;
Soft son!
So. What trade are you of, sir?
So.
So.
So, your opinion is, Aufidius,
So, weeping, smiling, greet I thee, my earth,
So, underneath the belly of their steeds,
So, to our tent;
So, the good horse is mine.
So, so: farewell; we are gone.
So, slave; hence!
So, sir, heartily well met, and most glad of your company.
So, now the gates are ope: now prove good seconds:
So, now prosperity begins to mellow
So, now I have mine own again, be gone,
So, master mayor: these gates must not be shut
So, lie thou there: die thou, and die our fear;
So, let the ports be guarded: keep your duties,
So, here comes a brace.
So, bring us to our palace; where we'll show
So, I am satisfied. Give me a bowl of wine:
So, Green, thou art the midwife to my woe,
So your dislike, to whom I would be pleasing,
So you must be the first that gives this sentence,
So you have: but I was a gentleman born before my
So would you be again to Henry,
So worthy a gentleman to be her bridegroom?
So workmanly the blood and tears are drawn.
So will ye, I am sure, that you love me.
So will it, madam till I lie with you.
So will I, Signior Gremio: but a word, I pray.
So wildly?
So when this thief, this traitor, Bolingbroke,
So when he opens his purse to give us our reward,
So well, nothing so well; no, nor mean better:
So well I know my duty to my elders.
So we, well cover'd with the night's black mantle,
So vulgarly and personally accused,
So two, together weeping, make one woe.
So true men yield, with robbers so o'ermatch'd.
So triumph thieves upon their conquer'd booty;
So to offend him still. This night's the time
So to esteem of us, and on our knees we beg,
So to enforce or qualify the laws
So thrive my soul--
So thrive I, as I truly swear the like!
So thrive I in my dangerous attempt
So thou wilt woo; but else, not for the world.
So they are;
So then you hope of pardon from Lord Angelo?
So then the Volsces stand but as at first,
So then it seems your most offenceful act
So that, betwixt their tides and low names,
So that we fled; the king unto the queen;
So that my speed to Mantua there was stay'd.
So that by this intelligence we learn
So that all hope is vain.
So sweet is zealous contemplation.
So sure as this beard's grey,
So stumblest on my counsel?
So stood the state when Henry the Sixth
So stinkingly depending? Go mend, go mend.
So stands this squire
So stakes me to the ground I cannot move.
So sovereignly being honourable.
So soon to bid good morrow to thy bed:
So soon forsaken? young men's love then lies
So soon as yours could win me: so it should now,
So soon as you arrive, shall clear that doubt.
So smooth he daub'd his vice with show of virtue,
So smile the heavens upon this holy act,
So singular in each particular,
So shows a snowy dove trooping with crows,
So should we you, if you should be our king.
So she may live unscarr'd of bleeding slaughter,
So she does any thing; though I report it,
So shalt thou sinew both these lands together;
So shalt thou show me friendship. Take thou that:
So shall you share all that he doth possess,
So shall you quietly enjoy your hope,
So shall you feel the loss, but not the friend
So shall you bind me to your highness' service.
So shall no foot upon the churchyard tread,
So shall my virtue be his vice's bawd;
So shall I no whit be behind in duty
So season'd with your faithful love to me.
So say we too, but not by Edward's wife;
So said, so done, is well.
So safely ordered that there is no soul--
So sacred as it is, I have done sin:
So rarely kind, are as interpreters
So proudly as if he disdain'd the ground.
So proud that Bolingbroke was on his back!
So prosper I, as I swear perfect love!
So please your lordship to accept our duty.
So please you, this friar hath been with him, and
So please you, sir, their speed
So please you, madam,
So please you, let me now be left alone,
So play the foolish throngs with one that swoons;
So part we sadly in this troublous world,
So out of circumstance and sudden, tells us
So other foes may set upon our backs.
So my untruth had not provoked him to it,
So much to my good comfort, as it is
So much the more our carver's excellence;
So much his friend, ay, his unfeigned friend,
So much for that. The silent hours steal on,
So much for that. Now for our Irish wars:
So much as of a thought of ill in him.
So minutes, hours, days, months, and years,
So mighty and so many my defects,
So meet for this great errand. Please your ladyship
So may you lose your arms:
So may you by my dull and heavy eye,
So many years ere I shall shear the fleece:
So many weeks ere the poor fools will ean:
So many thousand times? Go, counsellor;
So many summers dry; scarce any joy
So many miseries have crazed my voice,
So many miles upon her peaceful bosom,
So many hours must I tend my flock;
So many hours must I take my rest;
So many hours must I sport myself;
So many hours must I contemplate;
So many guests invite as here are writ.
So many greedy looks of young and old
So many days my ewes have been with young;
So many blows upon this face of mine,
So loving-jealous of his liberty.
So looks the pent-up lion o'er the wretch
So longest way shall have the longest moans.
So long that nineteen zodiacs have gone round
So long could I
So long as hell and Richard likes of it.
So long as heaven and nature lengthens it.
So long as Edward is thy constant friend,
So long a-growing and so leisurely,
So like you, 'tis the worse. Behold, my lords,
So like to him that got it, if thou hast
So like a waking. To me comes a creature,
So leaves me to consider what is breeding
So just is God, to right the innocent.
So it should seem by that I have to say.
So it must fall out
So it is.
So it be new, there's no respect how vile--
So is the equal of this fell war.
So is the dear'st o' the loss.
So is it in the music of men's lives.
So incapable of help.
So in the Lethe of thy angry soul
So honour peereth in the meanest habit.
So high above his limits swells the rage
So her dead likeness, I do well believe,
So he did, my lord:
So have we all, of joy; for our escape
So hated, and so banish'd: but he has a merit,
So happy is your brother.
So had you need.
So full of ugly sights, of ghastly dreams,
So full of dismal terror was the time!
So from thy soul's love didst thou love her brothers;
So forcing faults upon Hermione,
So foolish sorrow bids your stones farewell.
So flies the reckless shepherd from the wolf;
So fled his enemies my warlike father:
So first the harmless sheep doth yield his fleece
So fill'd and so becoming: in pure white robes,
So fearful were they of infection.
So fared our father with his enemies;
So far in blood that sin will pluck on sin:
So far from sounding and discovery,
So far be mine, my most redoubted lord,
So fairly bound? O that deceit should dwell
So every scope by the immoderate use
So easily open?
So early walking did I see your son:
So early waking, what with loathsome smells,
So dry he was for sway--wi' the King of Naples
So doves do peck the falcon's piercing talons;
So doth the cony struggle in the net.
So doth my heart misgive me, in these conflicts
So do not I: go, coward as thou art.
So do I wish the crown, being so far off;
So do I too, if it be not too much: brings a'
So do I ever:
So dissolute a crew.
So disguise shall, by the disguised,
So did we all. But, come, let's home.
So did he me: and he no more remembers his mother
So did I, I'll be sworn: he is simply the rarest
So desperate thieves, all hopeless of their lives,
So dear the love my people bore me, nor set
So dear I loved the man, that I must weep.
So deal with him as I prove true to you.
So cunning and so young is wonderful.
So criminal and in such capital kind,
So cowards fight when they can fly no further;
So could I, faith, boy, to have the next wish after,
So come to you and yours, as to this Prince!
So can I name his faults,--
So call it: but it does fulfil my vow;
So be thy fortune in this royal fight!
So as thou livest in peace, die free from strife:
So and no other, as yourself commanded:
So aged as this seems.
So York may overlook the town of York.
So Romeo would, were he not Romeo call'd,
So Judas did to Christ: but he, in twelve,
So I would you did; then 'twere past all doubt
So I to her and so she yields to me;
So I might live one hour in your sweet bosom.
So I by that; it is my day, my life.
So I am, to let him live.
So God help Montague as he proves true!
So 'twere not 'long of him; but being enter'd,
So 'tis said, sir; about his son, that should have
Sneak not away, sir; for the friar and you
Snakes, in my heart-blood warm'd, that sting my heart!
Smiles at her news, while Warwick frowns at his.
Smile, gentle heaven! or strike, ungentle death!
Smile in men's faces, smooth, deceive and cog,
Smile heaven upon this fair conjunction,
Small showers last long, but sudden storms are short;
Small joy have I in being England's queen.
Small as an eunuch, or the virgin voice
Sly, old Sly's son of Burtonheath, by birth a
Sluiced out his innocent soul through streams of blood:
Slew three opposers: Tarquin's self he met,
Sleeping and waking, O, defend me still!
Sleep for a week; for the next night, I warrant,
Sleep dwell upon thine eyes, peace in thy breast!
Slave, I have set my life upon a cast,
Slaughters a thousand waiting upon that.
Slandering a prince deserves it.
Slander to the state! Away with him to prison!
Slander myself as false to Edward's bed;
Slain, sir, doubtless.
Skulking in corners? wishing clocks more swift?
Skipper, stand back: 'tis age that nourisheth.
Sixth Citizen:
Sixscore fat oxen standing in my stalls,
Six years we banish him, and he shall go.
Six or seven thousand is their utmost power.
Six of his labours you'ld have done, and saved
Six frozen winter spent,
Sitting in the sun under the dove-house wall;
Sits safe and still without him.
Sith that the justice of your title to him
Sith 'twas my fault to give the people scope,
Sit, Coriolanus; never shame to hear
Sit with my cousin; lend him your kind pains
Sit still, and hear the last of our sea-sorrow.
Sit down with us: it ill befits thy state
Sister, farewell; I must to Coventry:
Sister, content you in my discontent.
Sirs, take up the corse.
Sirs, I will practise on this drunken man.
Sirrah, where have you been?
Sirrah, what made your master in this place?
Sirrah, thou art said to have a stubborn soul.
Sirrah, no more!
Sirrah, leave us to ourselves: we must confer.
Sirrah, lead these gentlemen
Sirrah, if thy captain knew I were here, he would
Sirrah, here's a fellow will help you to-morrow in
Sirrah, go you to Barthol'mew my page,
Sirrah, go see what trumpet 'tis that sounds:
Sirrah, go hire me twenty cunning cooks.
Sirrah, get thee to Plashy, to my sister Gloucester;
Sirrah, fetch drier logs:
Sirrah, come hither: 'tis no time to jest,
Sirrah, bring Barnardine hither.
Sirrah, be gone, or talk not, I advise you.
Sirrah, I will not bear these braves of thine.
Sirrah young gamester, your father were a fool
Sirrah Grumio, go to your mistress;
Sirrah Biondello, go and entreat my wife
Sir,--
Sir, your honour cannot come to that yet.
Sir, your company is fairer than honest. Rest you well.
Sir, you seem a sober ancient gentleman by your
Sir, you say well and well you do conceive;
Sir, you may thank yourself for this great loss,
Sir, you have done enough, and have perform'd
Sir, what are you that offer to beat my servant?
Sir, we were talking that our garments seem now
Sir, we have all
Sir, understand you this of me in sooth:
Sir, to your pleasure humbly I subscribe:
Sir, to satisfy you in what I have said,
Sir, those cold ways,
Sir, this is the house: please it you that I call?
Sir, this is the gentleman I told you of:
Sir, there lies such secrets in this fardel and box,
Sir, the year growing ancient,
Sir, the people
Sir, the duke is marvellous little beholding to your
Sir, that's to-morrow.
Sir, spare your threats:
Sir, sir,--
Sir, sir, the first's for me; let her go by.
Sir, she was respected with him before he married with her.
Sir, she came in great with child; and longing,
Sir, royal sir, forgive a foolish woman:
Sir, praise me not;
Sir, pardon me in what I have to say:
Sir, my name is Lucio; well known to the duke.
Sir, my mistress sends you word
Sir, my lord,
Sir, my liege,
Sir, my gracious lord,
Sir, most heedfully.
Sir, make me not your story.
Sir, let me be so bold as ask you,
Sir, it is;
Sir, it is three days since I saw the prince. What
Sir, it is a mystery.
Sir, induced by my charity, and hearing how hastily
Sir, in Argier.
Sir, if you'ld save your life, fly to your house:
Sir, if it please your honour, this is not so.
Sir, how comes't that you
Sir, his stoutness
Sir, here's the door, this is Lucentio's house:
Sir, he may live:
Sir, have pity;
Sir, go you in; and, madam, go with him;
Sir, give him head: I know he'll prove a jade.
Sir, by your leave: having come to Padua
Sir, but you shall come to it, by your honour's
Sir, believe this,
Sir, at the farthest for a week or two:
Sir, are not you my father?
Sir, a word ere you go;
Sir, I will tell you;
Sir, I will serve him; for I do find your hangman is
Sir, I was an inward of his. A shy fellow was the
Sir, I think
Sir, I shall tell you. With a kind of smile,
Sir, I shall not be slack: in sign whereof,
Sir, I know him, and I love him.
Sir, I hope
Sir, I have been an unlawful bawd time out of mind;
Sir, I cannot tell:
Sir, I beseech you, think you he'll carry Rome?
Sir,
Sir William Brandon, you shall bear my standard.
Sir Walter Herbert, a renowned soldier;
Sir Thomas Lovel and Lord Marquis Dorset,
Sir Thomas Erpingham, Sir John Ramston,
Sir Stephen Scroop, besides a clergyman
Sir Smile, his neighbour: nay, there's comfort in't
Sir Robert Brakenbury, and Sir William Brandon.
Sir Richard Ratcliff, let me tell thee this:
Sir Paris, I will make a desperate tender
Sir John and Sir Hugh Mortimer, mine uncles,
Sir John Norbery, Sir Robert Waterton and Francis Quoint,
Sir Gilbert Talbot, Sir William Stanley;
Sir Edward Courtney, and the haughty prelate
Sir Christopher, tell Richmond this from me:
Sink in the ground? I thought it would have mounted.
Sinfully pluck'd, and not a man of you
Since, wedding it, there is such length in grief;
Since, of ourselves, ourselves are choleric,
Since you will buckle fortune on my back,
Since you did leave it for my office, sir.
Since when, his oath is broke; for, as I hear,
Since what I am to say must be but that
Since we can not atone you, we shall see
Since thou, created to be awed by man,
Since thou hast far to go, bear not along
Since thou dost seek to kill my name in me,
Since thou deniest the gentle king to speak.
Since this same wayward girl is so reclaim'd.
Since the more fair and crystal is the sky,
Since that our brother dubb'd them gentlewomen.
Since pride must have a fall, and break the neck
Since presently your souls must part your bodies--
Since once he play'd a farmer's eldest son:
Since last I went to France to fetch his queen:
Since it is bankrupt of his majesty.
Since he could draw a sword, and is ill school'd
Since foes have scope to beat both thee and me.
Since fate, against thy better disposition,
Since every Jack became a gentleman
Since birth, and heaven, and earth, all three do meet
Since arm from arm that voice doth us affray,
Since I suppose we are made to be no stronger
Since I heard thence; these are the words: I think
Since I have set my friends at peace on earth.
Since I have ever follow'd thee with hate,
Since I am put to know that your own science
Since I am crept in favour with myself,
Since I am charged in honour and by him
Sin, death, and hell have set their marks on him,
Sin from thy lips? O trespass sweetly urged!
Simple, plain Clarence! I do love thee so,
Simois,' I know you not, 'hic est Sigeia tellus,' I
Silence! one word more
Silence that fellow: I would he had some cause
Signior Petruchio, will you go with us,
Signior Petruchio, fie! you are to blame.
Signior Lucio, did not you say you knew that
Signior Hortensio, thus it stands with me:
Signior Hortensio, come you to part the fray?
Signior Hortensio, I have often heard
Signior Hortensio, 'twixt such friends as we
Signior Gremio, came you from the church?
Signior Baptista, you are happily met.
Signior Baptista, will you be so strange?
Signior Baptista, shall I lead the way?
Signior Baptista, of whom I hear so well.
Signior Baptista, my business asketh haste,
Signior Baptista, for this fiend of hell,
Signior Baptista's liberality,
Signior Baptista may remember me,
Sign me a present pardon for my brother,
Sigh'd truer breath; but that I see thee here,
Side-stitches that shall pen thy breath up; urchins
Sicinius Velutus, and I know not--'Sdeath!
Sicilia cannot show himself over-kind to Bohemia.
Shuts up his windows, locks far daylight out
Shut up in prison, kept without my food,
Shows us but this: I am sworn brother, sweet,
Showing, as in a model, our firm estate,
Showing we would not spare heaven as we love it,
Showing an outward pity; yet you Pilates
Show'd thy dear mother any courtesy,
Show'd mastership in floating; fortune's blows,
Show thy descent by gazing 'gainst the sun:
Show them the unaching scars which I should hide,
Show nothing but confusion, eyed awry
Show minutes, times, and hours: but my time
Show me thy humble heart, and not thy knee,
Show me how, good father.
Show me a mistress that is passing fair,
Show duty, as mistaken all this while
Show a fair presence and put off these frowns,
Shouting their emulation.
Should, without eyes, see pathways to his will!
Should, if a coward heard her speak these words,
Should yet say 'Sir, no going.' Verily,
Should well agree with our external parts?
Should we be silent and not speak, our raiment
Should they not,
Should so with civil and uncivil arms
Should so profane the word, that taught me craft
Should slip so grossly, both in the heat of blood.
Should show so heinous, black, obscene a deed!
Should she kneel down in mercy of this fact,
Should say 'Be good to Rome,' they charged him even
Should run thy head from thy unreverent shoulders.
Should rift to hear me; and the words that follow'd
Should presently extirpate me and mine
Should pass this way as you did: O, the Fates!
Should now eat up her own!
Should notwithstanding join our lights together
Should nothing privilege him, nor partialize
Should not produce fair issue.
Should not become my wife and England's queen.
Should not be utter'd feebly. It is held
Should not be able to encounter mine.
Should lose his birthright by his father's fault,
Should leave the helm and like a fearful lad
Should know we were afoot.
Should in the furthest east begin to draw
Should grace the triumph of great Bolingbroke?
Should from yond cloud speak divine things,
Should dying men flatter with those that live?
Should die for ever.
Should choose himself a wife, but as good reason
Should chase us with my father, power no jot
Should by the cormorant belly be restrain'd,
Should be! should--buzz!
Should be so tyrannous and rough in proof!
Should be past grief: do not receive affliction
Should be infused with so foul a spirit!
Should be in them to give.
Should be as holy as severe;
Should be 'Remember mine.'
Should ask, if Katharina should be his wife,
Should a villain say so,
Should a like language use to all degrees
Should I, in these my borrow'd flaunts, behold
Should I now meet my father,
Should I do so, I should belie my thoughts:
Shot from the deadly level of a gun,
Shorten my days thou canst with sullen sorrow,
Short tale to make, we at Saint Alban's met
Shine out, fair sun, till I have bought a glass,
Sheriff:
Sheriff:
Shepherdess,
Shepherd:
Shepherd:
Shepherd:
Shepherd:
Shepherd:
Shepherd:
Shepherd:
Shepherd:
Shepherd:
Shepherd:
Shepherd:
Shepherd:
Shepherd:
Shepherd:
Shepherd:
Shepherd:
Shepherd:
Shepherd:
Shepherd:
Shepherd:
Shepherd:
Shepherd:
Shepherd:
Shepherd:
Shepherd:
Shepherd:
Shepherd:
Shepherd:
Shepherd:
Shepherd:
Shepherd:
Shepherd:
Shepherd:
Shepherd:
Shepherd:
Shepherd:
Shepherd:
Shepherd:
Shepherd:
Shepherd:
Shepherd:
Shepard:
Shed seas of tears and ne'er be satisfied!
Shed for my thankless country are requited
She-wolf of France, but worse than wolves of France,
She, on his left side, craving aid for Henry,
She, I'll swear, hath corns; am I come near ye now?
She, Claudio, that you wrong'd, look you restore.
She's very near her hour.
She's otherwise, I'll keep my stables where
She's not well married that lives married long;
She's not fourteen.
She's dead, deceased, she's dead; alack the day!
She's apt to learn and thankful for good turns.
She's an adulteress; I have said with whom:
She's an adulteress.
She'll take the enterprise upon her, father,
She would to each one sip. You are retired,
She would be as swift in motion as a ball;
She will not.
She will not stay the siege of loving terms,
She will not come: she bids you come to her.
She will indite him to some supper.
She will beshrew me much that Romeo
She will be pleased; then wherefore should I doubt?
She weeps, and says her Henry is deposed;
She was, good Curtis, before this frost: but, thou
She was too good for me: but, as I said,
She was the fairest creature in the world;
She wakes; and I entreated her come forth,
She vied so fast, protesting oath on oath,
She the adulteress; for the harlot king
She that accuses him of fornication,
She speaks:
She speaks yet she says nothing: what of that?
She speaks this in the infirmity of sense.
She sings as sweetly as a nightingale:
She should this Angelo have married; was affianced
She should not visit you.
She shall, she shall.
She shall, Lucentio. Come, gentlemen, let's go.
She shall not.
She shall not need; we'll meet her in the field.
She shall be married to this noble earl.
She shall be habited as it becomes
She says your worship means to make
She says you have some goodly jest in hand:
She said thou wast my daughter; and thy father
She prizes not such trifles as these are:
She moves me not, or not removes, at least,
She melted into air. Affrighted much,
She may, my lord, for--
She may, Lord Rivers! why, who knows not so?
She may more suitors have and me for one.
She may help you to many fair preferments,
She may do more, sir, than denying that:
She lacks instructions, for she seems a mistress
She it is.
She is,
She is your treasure, she must have a husband;
She is your own; else, you must pardon me,
She is too fair, too wise, wisely too fair,
She is the hopeful lady of my earth:
She is the fairies' midwife, and she comes
She is spread of late
She is something before her time deliver'd.
She is not hot, but temperate as the morn;
She is not fourteen. How long is it now
She is not for your turn, the more my grief.
She is my goods, my chattels; she is my house,
She is i' the rear our birth.
She is hard by with twenty thousand men;
She is as forward of her breeding as
She hung about my neck; and kiss on kiss
She hath, and in that sparing makes huge waste,
She hath prevented me. Here, Signior Tranio.
She hath not seen the change of fourteen years,
She hath had too much wrong; and I repent
She hath forsworn to love, and in that vow
She hath been a suitor to me for her brother
She hangs about his neck:
She had; and would incense me
She had the wrong. But what said Henry's queen?
She had just cause.
She for an Edward weeps, and so do I;
She embraces him.
She eat no meat to-day, nor none shall eat;
She did corrupt frail nature with some bribe,
She dances featly.
She could have run and waddled all about;
She comes to do you good.
She came from Libya.
She came adorned hither like sweet May,
She better would have fitted me or Clarence:
She being none of your flesh and blood, your flesh
She I kill'd! I did so: but thou strikest me
Shave the head, and tie the beard; and say it was
Sharp misery had worn him to the bones:
Shamest thou not, knowing whence thou art extraught,
Shamed their aspect with store of childish drops:
Shame to him whose cruel striking
Shame serves thy life and doth thy death attend.
Shame on himself! for my desert is honour:
Shame come to Romeo!
Sham it be put to that?
Shalt with him hence.
Shalt waft them over with our royal fleet.
Shalt stir up in Suffolk, Norfolk, and in Kent,
Shalt see me once more strike at Tullus' face.
Shalt feel our justice, in whose easiest passage
Shalt break into corruption: thou shalt think,
Shall, whiles thy head is warm and new cut off,
Shall, stiff and stark and cold, appear like death:
Shall, for thy love, kill a far truer love;
Shall, for that vast of night that they may work,
Shall wound my honour with such feeble wrong,
Shall witness to him I am near at home,
Shall win the wager which we will propose.
Shall win my love: and so I take my leave,
Shall we hear from you, Catesby, ere we sleep?
Shall we hear from thee, Tyrrel, ere we sleep?
Shall we go throw away our coats of steel,
Shall we desire to raze the sanctuary
Shall we call back Northumberland, and send
Shall touch the people--which time shall not want,
Shall thy old dugs once more a traitor rear?
Shall thereby be the sweeter. Reason thus with life:
Shall the contents discover, something rare
Shall tender duty make me suffer wrong?
Shall sweet Bianca practise how to bride it?
Shall stop or spur me. Have I done well?
Shall she within my power.
Shall see us rising in our throne, the east,
Shall say against their hearts 'We thank the gods
Shall satisfy your father.
Shall rust upon my weapon, till thy blood,
Shall rue the hour that ever thou wast born.
Shall rest in London till we come to him.
Shall remain!
Shall point on me and gild my banishment.
Shall play the umpire, arbitrating that
Shall nothing benefit your knowledge, nor
Shall not regreet our fair dominions,
Shall make their way seem short, as mine hath done
Shall make me chide thee, if not hate thee. What!
Shall lose the royalty of England's throne.
Shall kin with kin and kind with kind confound;
Shall keep his native progress, but surcease:
Shall in despite enforce a watery eye.
Shall ill become the flower of England's face,
Shall here inhabit, and this land be call'd
Shall have the leading of this foot and horse.
Shall have the chinks.
Shall have my Bianca's love.
Shall have judicious hearing. Stand, Aufidius,
Shall have a high reward, and he his life?
Shall happily make thee there a joyful bride.
Shall give him such an unaccustom'd dram,
Shall for the fault make forfeit of his head.
Shall fly out of itself: nor sleep nor sanctuary,
Shall feel this day as sharp to them as thorn.
Shall falter under foul rebellion's arms.
Shall do and undo as him pleaseth best.
Shall darken him for ever.
Shall cross the seas, and bid false Edward battle;
Shall come again, transform'd to orient pearl,
Shall bring Emilia forth.
Shall bitterly begin his fearful date
Shall best instruct you, measure me; and so
Shall bear the business in some other fight,
Shall bear along impawn'd, away to-night!
Shall be your love and labour's recompense.
Shall be when your first queen's again in breath;
Shall be well winged with our chiefest horse.
Shall be this cold corpse on the earth's cold face;
Shall be the war that Henry means to use.
Shall be the label to another deed,
Shall be the general's fault, though he perform
Shall be my winding-sheet. Why faint you, lords?
Shall be my recreation: so long as nature
Shall be extinct with age and endless night;
Shall be accomplish'd without contradiction:
Shall Romeo by my letters know our drift,
Shall Romeo bear thee hence to Mantua.
Shall I speak ill of him that is my husband?
Shall I so much dishonour my fair stars,
Shall I send to thee?
Shall I seem crest-fall'n in my father's sight?
Shall I obtain it?
Shall I not, then, be stifled in the vault,
Shall I live on to see this bastard kneel
Shall I go win my daughter to thy will?
Shall I forget myself to be myself?
Shall I dash out. Go, take it to the fire;
Shall I bring thee on the way?
Shall I be your playfellow?
Shall I be tempted to infringe my vow
Shall I be tempted of the devil thus?
Shall I be plain? I wish the bastards dead;
Shall I be married then to-morrow morning?
Shall I be heard?
Shall I be charged no further than this present?
Shall I attend your lordship?
Shake quoth the dove-house: 'twas no need, I trow,
Shake it off. Come on;
Seventh Citizen:
Seven year and a half, sir.
Setting your scorns and your mislike aside,
Setting it up to fear the birds of prey,
Setting aside his high blood's royalty,
Set on towards London, cousin, is it so?
Set me against Aufidius and his Antiates;
Set it down. Is ink and paper ready?
Set foot under thy table: tut, a toy!
Set down, set down your honourable load,
Set down our host. My partner in this action,
Set down by the poll?
Servile to all the skyey influences,
Served well for Rome,--
Servant:
Servant:
Servant:
Servant:
Servant:
Servant:
Servant:
Servant:
Servant:
Servant:
Servant:
Servant:
Servant:
Servant:
Servant:
Servant:
Servant:
Servant:
Servant:
Servant:
Servant:
Servant:
Servant:
Servant:
Servant:
Servant:
Servant:
Servant:
Servant:
Servant:
Servant:
Servant:
Servant:
Sent from my brother Worcester, whencesoever.
Sent by the king your father
Sent back like Hallowmas or short'st of day.
Sends me a paper to persuade me patience?
Send to her, by the man that slew her brothers,
Send out a pursuivant at arms
Send her a story of thy noble acts;
Send for your daughter by your servant here:
Send for the county; go tell him of this:
Senators:
Senators, &C:
Senators, &C:
Selves of themselves, to your recomforture.
Self-loving,--
Self against self: O, preposterous
Seldom or never jumpeth with the heart.
Seize thee that list: if once I find thee ranging,
Seize on the shame-faced Henry, bear him hence;
Seize on him, Furies, take him to your torments!'
Seize him, AEdiles!
Seen how his son's son should destroy his sons,
Seem to besiege and make his bold waves tremble,
Seeking out Romeo, that did spit his body
Seeking for Richmond in the throat of death.
Seeking a way and straying from the way;
Seek you to seize and gripe into your hands
Seeing too much sadness hath congeal'd your blood,
Seeing thou hast proved so unnatural a father
See, your guests approach:
See, where he stands between two clergymen!
See, where he comes: so please you, step aside;
See, what a scourge is laid upon your hate,
See, they have shut him in.
See, see; what a man you are now!
See, see, King Richard doth himself appear,
See, see! they join, embrace, and seem to kiss,
See, ruthless queen, a hapless father's tears:
See, how they kiss and court! Signior Lucentio,
See, how she leans her cheek upon her hand!
See you yond coign o' the Capitol, yond
See you these clothes? say you see them not and
See you the fornicatress be removed:
See who it is: and, now the battle's ended,
See where she comes from shrift with merry look.
See where she comes and brings your froward wives
See what I do deliver out to each,
See thou deliver it to my lord and father.
See this dispatch'd with all the haste thou canst:
See that he be convey'd unto the Tower:
See that forthwith Duke Edward be convey'd
See that Claudio
See not your bride in these unreverent robes:
See how the surly Warwick mans the wall!
See how the morning opes her golden gates,
See how my sword weeps for the poor king's death!
See how he fares.
See how I am bewitch'd; behold mine arm
See him pluck Aufidius down by the hair,
See here these movers that do prize their hours
Seducing so my friends; and, to this end,
Seduced the pitch and height of all his thoughts
Second murderer:
Second Watchman:
Second Watchman:
Second Watchman:
Second Watchman:
Second Watchman:
Second Watchman:
Second Soldier:
Second Servingman:
Second Servingman:
Second Servingman:
Second Servingman:
Second Servingman:
Second Servingman:
Second Servingman:
Second Servingman:
Second Servingman:
Second Servingman:
Second Servingman:
Second Servingman:
Second Servingman:
Second Servingman:
Second Servingman:
Second Servingman:
Second Servingman:
Second Servant:
Second Servant:
Second Servant:
Second Servant:
Second Servant:
Second Servant:
Second Servant:
Second Servant:
Second Servant:
Second Servant:
Second Servant:
Second Senator:
Second Senator:
Second Senator:
Second Senator:
Second Senator:
Second Senator:
Second Senator:
Second Senator:
Second Senator:
Second Senator:
Second Roman:
Second Patrician:
Second Officer:
Second Officer:
Second Officer:
Second Musician:
Second Musician:
Second Musician:
Second Murderer:
Second Murderer:
Second Murderer:
Second Murderer:
Second Murderer:
Second Murderer:
Second Murderer:
Second Murderer:
Second Murderer:
Second Murderer:
Second Murderer:
Second Murderer:
Second Murderer:
Second Murderer:
Second Murderer:
Second Murderer:
Second Murderer:
Second Murderer:
Second Murderer:
Second Murderer:
Second Murderer:
Second Murderer:
Second Murderer:
Second Murderer:
Second Murderer:
Second Murderer:
Second Murderer:
Second Murderer:
Second Murderer:
Second Messenger:
Second Messenger:
Second Messenger:
Second Messenger:
Second Messenger:
Second Messenger:
Second Messenger:
Second Lord:
Second Lord:
Second Lord:
Second Lady:
Second Lady:
Second Lady:
Second Keeper:
Second Keeper:
Second Keeper:
Second Keeper:
Second Keeper:
Second Keeper:
Second Keeper:
Second Keeper:
Second Keeper:
Second Huntsman:
Second Huntsman:
Second Herald:
Second Gentleman:
Second Gentleman:
Second Gentleman:
Second Gentleman:
Second Gentleman:
Second Gentleman:
Second Gentleman:
Second Gentleman:
Second Gentleman:
Second Gentleman:
Second Gentleman:
Second Gentleman:
Second Gentleman:
Second Conspirator:
Second Conspirator:
Second Citizen:
Second Citizen:
Second Citizen:
Second Citizen:
Second Citizen:
Second Citizen:
Second Citizen:
Second Citizen:
Second Citizen:
Second Citizen:
Second Citizen:
Second Citizen:
Second Citizen:
Second Citizen:
Second Citizen:
Second Citizen:
Second Citizen:
Second Citizen:
Second Citizen:
Second Citizen:
Second Citizen:
Second Citizen:
Second Citizen:
Second Citizen:
Second Capulet:
Second Capulet:
Search, seek, and know how this foul murder comes.
Seal'd up the doors, and would not let us forth;
Seal what I end withal! This double worship,
Seal up the mouth of outrage for a while,
Sea-water shalt thou drink; thy food shall be
Sea-nymphs hourly ring his knell
Scurvy knave! I am none of his flirt-gills; I am
Scrivener:
Scratching her legs that one shall swear she bleeds,
Scratches with briers,
Scotland hath will to help, but cannot help;
Scorns to unsay what once it hath deliver'd.
Scorning whate'er you can afflict me with.
Scoffing his state and grinning at his pomp,
Schoolmasters will I keep within my house,
Scars to move laughter only.
Scaring the ladies like a crow-keeper;
Scarce serves to quench my furnace-burning heart:
Scandal'd the suppliants for the people, call'd them
Scaling his present bearing with his past,
Says that this deed is chronicled in hell.
Saying, he'll lade it dry to have his way:
Say, you ne'er had done't--
Say, you chose him
Say, what's thy name?
Say, what art thou that talk'st of kings and queens?
Say, wast thou e'er contracted to this woman?
Say, uncle Gloucester, if our brother come,
Say, then: 'tis true, I ought so.
Say, then, my peace is made.
Say, she shall be a high and mighty queen.
Say, is my kingdom lost? why, 'twas my care
Say, have I thy consent that they shall die?
Say, has our general met the enemy?
Say, by this token, I desire his company
Say, Somerville, what says my loving son?
Say, Signior Gremio, What can you assure her?
Say, Scroop, where lies our uncle with his power?
Say, I, her sovereign, am her subject love.
Say, I will love her everlastingly.
Say, I command her to come to me.
Say, Henry, shall I have my right, or no?
Say, 'pardon' first, and afterwards 'stand up.'
Say you?
Say you the like to him?
Say you so? then I shall pose you quickly.
Say you can swim; alas, 'tis but a while!
Say yea to thy desires. A thousand welcomes!
Say what you can, my false o'erweighs your true.
Say to me, when sawest thou the Prince Florizel, my
Say thou wilt walk; we will bestrew the ground:
Say thou wilt course; thy greyhounds are as swift
Say there be;
Say then, who dost thou mean shall be her king?
Say their great enemy is gone, and they
Say that the king, which may command, entreats.
Say that she rail; why then I'll tell her plain
Say that she frown, I'll say she looks as clear
Say that again.
Say that I slew them not?
Say that I did all this for love of her.
Say so but seldom.
Say she be mute and will not speak a word;
Say on, my loving lord.
Say not we brought it.
Say no more:
Say no more:
Say it be, 'tis true.
Say how he died, for I will hear it all.
Say either, and I'll stay the circumstance:
Say as he says, or we shall never go.
Say Warwick was our anchor; what of that?
Say 'pardon,' king; let pity teach thee how:
Say 'better:' here comes one of my master's kinsmen.
Say 'What is it your honour will command?'
Saw'st thou the melancholy Lord Northumberland?
Saw'st thou not, boy, how Silver made it good
Saw you the king to-day, my Lord of Derby?
Saw you no more? mark'd you not how her sister
Saw you Aufidius?
Saw I men scour so on their way: I eyed them
Saving your tale, Petruchio, I pray,
Save you, sir.
Save that, for reverence to some alive,
Save that we do the denunciation lack
Save that riotous youth, with dangerous sense,
Save our deposed bodies to the ground?
Save men's opinions and my living blood,
Save him from danger, do him love and honour,
Save for the son that she did litter here,
Save bidding farewell to so sweet a guest
Save back to England, all the world's my way.
Satisfy!
Saltiers, and they have a dance which the wenches
Salisbury?
Saints do not move, though grant for prayers' sake.
Saint Francis be my speed! how oft to-night
Sailing in this salt flood; the winds, thy sighs;
Sail how thou canst, have wind and tide thy friend,
Said he not so? or did I dream it so?
Safely in harbour
Safe-conducting the rebels from their ships!
Saddle white Surrey for the field to-morrow.
Saddle my horse.
Sad-hearted men, much overgone with care,
Sacred and sweet was all I saw in her.
SURREY:
STANLEY:
STANLEY:
STANLEY:
STANLEY:
STANLEY:
STANLEY:
STANLEY:
STANLEY:
STANLEY:
STANLEY:
STANLEY:
STANLEY:
STANLEY:
SOMERSET:
SOMERSET:
SOMERSET:
SOMERSET:
SOMERSET:
SOMERSET:
SOMERSET:
SOMERSET:
SOMERSET:
SOMERSET:
SOMERSET:
SOMERSET:
SOMERSET:
SOMERSET:
SLY:
SLY:
SLY:
SLY:
SLY:
SLY:
SLY:
SLY:
SLY:
SLY:
SLY:
SLY:
SLY:
SLY:
SLY:
SLY:
SLY:
SLY:
SLY:
SLY:
SLY:
SLY:
SLY:
SLY:
SIR STEPHEN SCROOP:
SIR STEPHEN SCROOP:
SIR STEPHEN SCROOP:
SIR STEPHEN SCROOP:
SIR STEPHEN SCROOP:
SIR STEPHEN SCROOP:
SICINIUS:
SICINIUS:
SICINIUS:
SICINIUS:
SICINIUS:
SICINIUS:
SICINIUS:
SICINIUS:
SICINIUS:
SICINIUS:
SICINIUS:
SICINIUS:
SICINIUS:
SICINIUS:
SICINIUS:
SICINIUS:
SICINIUS:
SICINIUS:
SICINIUS:
SICINIUS:
SICINIUS:
SICINIUS:
SICINIUS:
SICINIUS:
SICINIUS:
SICINIUS:
SICINIUS:
SICINIUS:
SICINIUS:
SICINIUS:
SICINIUS:
SICINIUS:
SICINIUS:
SICINIUS:
SICINIUS:
SICINIUS:
SICINIUS:
SICINIUS:
SICINIUS:
SICINIUS:
SICINIUS:
SICINIUS:
SICINIUS:
SICINIUS:
SICINIUS:
SICINIUS:
SICINIUS:
SICINIUS:
SICINIUS:
SICINIUS:
SICINIUS:
SICINIUS:
SICINIUS:
SICINIUS:
SICINIUS:
SICINIUS:
SICINIUS:
SICINIUS:
SICINIUS:
SICINIUS:
SICINIUS:
SICINIUS:
SICINIUS:
SICINIUS:
SICINIUS:
SICINIUS:
SICINIUS:
SICINIUS:
SICINIUS:
SICINIUS:
SICINIUS:
SICINIUS:
SICINIUS:
SICINIUS:
SICINIUS:
SICINIUS:
SICINIUS:
SICINIUS:
SICINIUS:
SICINIUS:
SICINIUS:
SICINIUS:
SICINIUS:
SICINIUS:
SICINIUS:
SICINIUS:
SICINIUS:
SICINIUS:
SICINIUS:
SICINIUS:
SICINIUS:
SICINIUS:
SICINIUS:
SICINIUS:
SICINIUS:
SICINIUS:
SICINIUS:
SICINIUS:
SICINIUS:
SICINIUS:
SICINIUS:
SICINIUS:
SICINIUS:
SICINIUS:
SICINIUS:
SICINIUS:
SICINIUS:
SICINIUS:
SICINIUS:
SICINIUS:
SICINIUS:
SICINIUS:
SICINIUS:
SICINIUS:
SICINIUS:
SICINIUS:
SICINIUS:
SEBASTIAN:
SEBASTIAN:
SEBASTIAN:
SEBASTIAN:
SEBASTIAN:
SEBASTIAN:
SEBASTIAN:
SEBASTIAN:
SEBASTIAN:
SEBASTIAN:
SEBASTIAN:
SEBASTIAN:
SEBASTIAN:
SEBASTIAN:
SEBASTIAN:
SEBASTIAN:
SEBASTIAN:
SEBASTIAN:
SEBASTIAN:
SEBASTIAN:
SEBASTIAN:
SEBASTIAN:
SEBASTIAN:
SEBASTIAN:
SEBASTIAN:
SEBASTIAN:
SEBASTIAN:
SEBASTIAN:
SEBASTIAN:
SEBASTIAN:
SEBASTIAN:
SEBASTIAN:
SEBASTIAN:
SEBASTIAN:
SEBASTIAN:
SEBASTIAN:
SEBASTIAN:
SEBASTIAN:
SEBASTIAN:
SEBASTIAN:
SEBASTIAN:
SEBASTIAN:
SAMPSON:
SAMPSON:
SAMPSON:
SAMPSON:
SAMPSON:
SAMPSON:
SAMPSON:
SAMPSON:
SAMPSON:
SAMPSON:
SAMPSON:
SAMPSON:
SAMPSON:
SAMPSON:
SAMPSON:
SAMPSON:
SAMPSON:
SAMPSON:
SAMPSON:
SAMPSON:
Rush all to pieces on thy rocky bosom.
Runs posting on in Bolingbroke's proud joy,
Run with these false and most contrarious quests
Run to my study. By and by! God's will,
Run reeking o'er the lives of men, as if
Run not before mine honour, nor my lusts
Rumour it abroad
Rue, even for ruth, here shortly shall be seen,
Rude ragged nurse, old sullen playfellow
Royally!
Royal commanders, be in readiness:
Rouse up thy youthful blood, be valiant and live.
Roundly replied.
Rough cradle for such little pretty ones!
Rosaline; Livia; Signior Valentio and his cousin
Romeo.
Romeo, will you come to your father's? we'll
Romeo, there dead, was husband to that Juliet;
Romeo, the hate I bear thee can afford
Romeo, that she were, O, that she were
Romeo, good night: I'll to my truckle-bed;
Romeo, come forth; come forth, thou fearful man:
Romeo, bon jour! there's a French salutation
Romeo, away, be gone!
Romeo, I come! this do I drink to thee.
Romeo's a dishclout to him: an eagle, madam,
Romeo! my cousin Romeo!
Romeo! humours! madman! passion! lover!
Romeo! O, pale! Who else? what, Paris too?
Romeo!
Romeo!
Romeo will answer it.
Romeo that spoke him fair, bade him bethink
Romeo that kill'd him, he is banished.
Romeo slew him, he slew Mercutio;
Romeo slew Tybalt, Romeo must not live.
Romeo shall thank thee, daughter, for us both.
Romeo is coming.
Romeo is banish'd; and all the world to nothing,
Romeo can,
Rome, especially his mother, may prevail with him.
Rome and her rats are at the point of battle;
Roman:
Roman:
Roman:
Roman:
Roman:
Roman:
Roman:
Roman:
Roman:
Roman:
Rode he on Barbary? Tell me, gentle friend,
Rivers and Hastings, take each other's hand;
Rivers and Dorset, you were standers by,
Rise up, good aunt.
Rights by rights falter, strengths by strengths do fail.
Right.
Right.
Right, you say true: as Hereford's love, so his;
Right, I mean you.
Right,
Right well, dear madam. By your patience,
Right true it is, your son Lucentio here
Right son to the right Vincentio;
Right noble is thy merit, well I wot.
Right gracious lord, I cannot brook delay:
Right glad I am he was not at this fray.
Rideth a puissant navy; to the shore
Riddling confession finds but riddling shrift.
Richmond, in Yorkshire, sent out a boat
Richmond! When last I was at Exeter,
Richmond is on the seas.
Richly in both, if justice had her right.
Richard, enough; I will be king, or die.
Richard, be Duke of Gloucester. Now to London,
Richard, I will create thee Duke of Gloucester,
Richard, I bear thy name; I'll venge thy death,
Richard!
Richard yet lives, hell's black intelligencer,
Richard the second here was hack'd to death;
Richard of York! how fares our loving brother?
Richard of Bordeaux, by me hither brought.
Richard not far from hence hath hid his head.
Richard loves Richard; that is, I am I.
Richard hath best deserved of all my sons.
Richard except, those whom we fight against
Richard cried 'Charge! and give no foot of ground!'
Richard and Hastings: let them go; here is The duke.
Rich men look sad and ruffians dance and leap,
Rich garments, linens, stuffs and necessaries,
Reward to him that brings the traitor in?
Reward did threaten and encourage him,
Revolving this will teach thee how to curse.
Revolts from true birth, stumbling on abuse:
Revolt our subjects? that we cannot mend;
Revoke that doom of mercy, for 'tis Clifford;
Revive, look up, or I will die with thee!
Revenged may she be on that hateful duke,
Reveal yourself to him.
Return, good Catesby, to thy lord again;
Return'd my letter back. Then all alone
Return with welcome home from banishment.
Return unto thy lord; commend me to him:
Return to the tribunes.
Return me, as Cominius is return'd,
Return him here again. Go with him, provost.
Return again, and take an oath with thee.
Retorts it: Romeo he cries aloud,
Retire to win our purpose.
Retain that dear perfection which he owes
Resume that spirit, when you were wont to say,
Rest you, whiles I lament King Henry's corse.
Rest you merry!
Rest thy unrest on England's lawful earth,
Respecting her that's gone. Besides, the gods
Respect to your great place! and let the devil
Resolved. resolved.
Resolved for flight. Now were I happy, if
Resolve thee, Richard; claim the English crown.
Resolve my doubt. You twain, of all the rest,
Resign'd the crown to Henry the Fourth,
Resign thy chair, and where I stand kneel thou,
Resides not in that man that does not think,--
Rescued the Black Prince, that young Mars of men,
Rescue, my Lord of Norfolk, rescue, rescue!
Rescue, fair lord, or else the day is lost!
Rescue thy mistress, if thou be a man.
Requite your love!
Requires nor child nor woman's face to see.
Reproach and dissolution hangeth over him.
Reprieve thee from thy fate, it should proceed:
Reports, the Volsces with two several powers
Report of fashions in proud Italy,
Repented o'er his doom.
Repent you, fair one, of the sin you carry?
Repent what you have spoke.
Repent in their election.
Repeal him with the welcome of his mother;
Repair'd with double riches of content.
Repair to the senate-house.
Repair to the Capitol.
Renowned queen, with patience calm the storm,
Renowned prince, how shall poor Henry live,
Renowned for their deeds as far from home,
Renown'd in Padua for her scolding tongue.
Remove you hence: I knew you at the first
Remnants of packthread and old cakes of roses,
Remit thy other forfeits. Take him to prison;
Remembering how I love thy company.
Remember, as thou read'st, thy promise pass'd:
Remember since you owed no more to time
Remember our reward, when the deed is done.
Remember Margaret was a prophetess.'
Remember I have done thee worthy service;
Remaining in the coffer of her friends,
Remain a pinch'd thing; yea, a very trick
Relish a truth like us, inform yourselves
Relenting fool, and shallow, changing woman!
Relent, and save your souls.
Relent! 'tis cowardly and womanish.
Release my brother; and, after much debatement,
Relate your wrongs; in what? by whom? be brief.
Reignier, her father, to the king of France
Regard me as I do not flatter, and
Refusing her grand hests, she did confine thee,
Refused most princely gifts, am bound to beg
Refuse not, mighty lord, this proffer'd love.
Redeem from broking pawn the blemish'd crown,
Red as 'twould burn Rome; and his injury
Recover breath; tell us how near is danger,
Recoil upon me: in himself too mighty,
Receive thy lance; and God defend the right!
Receive in either by this dear encounter.
Rebellious subjects, enemies to peace,
Rebell'd against the belly, thus accused it:
Reason; because they then less need one another.
Real necessities, and give way the while
Ready, with every nod, to tumble down
Ready, when time shall prompt them, to make road.
Ready to go, but never to return.
Ready to fight; therefore be resolute.
Ready to catch each other by the throat,
Read the indictment.
Read o'er this paper while the glass doth come.
Read o'er the volume of young Paris' face,
Read it.
Read it not, noble lords;
Re-quicken'd what in flesh was fatigate,
Re-purchased with the blood of enemies.
Razed out my imprese, leaving me no sign,
Rather to show a noble grace to both parts
Rather than they shall pound us up: our gates,
Rather than have that savage duke thine heir
Rather than envy you.
Rather than Paris. These are news indeed!
Rather rejoicing to see another merry, than merry at
Rather our state's defective for requital
Ratcliff, thyself, or Catesby; where is he?
Ratcliff, my lord; 'tis I. The early village-cock
Ratcliff, about the mid of night come to my tent
Ratcliff!
Ransoming him, or pitying, threatening the other;
Ran on the green-sward: nothing she does or seems
Raised only, that the weaker sort may wish
Raise up the Montagues: some others search:
Rain'd from the wounds of slaughter'd Englishmen:
Rail on the Lord's enointed: strike, I say!
Rage must be withstood:
Rage like an angry boar chafed with sweat?
RUTLAND:
RUTLAND:
RUTLAND:
RUTLAND:
RUTLAND:
RUTLAND:
RUTLAND:
ROMEO:
ROMEO:
ROMEO:
ROMEO:
ROMEO:
ROMEO:
ROMEO:
ROMEO:
ROMEO:
ROMEO:
ROMEO:
ROMEO:
ROMEO:
ROMEO:
ROMEO:
ROMEO:
ROMEO:
ROMEO:
ROMEO:
ROMEO:
ROMEO:
ROMEO:
ROMEO:
ROMEO:
ROMEO:
ROMEO:
ROMEO:
ROMEO:
ROMEO:
ROMEO:
ROMEO:
ROMEO:
ROMEO:
ROMEO:
ROMEO:
ROMEO:
ROMEO:
ROMEO:
ROMEO:
ROMEO:
ROMEO:
ROMEO:
ROMEO:
ROMEO:
ROMEO:
ROMEO:
ROMEO:
ROMEO:
ROMEO:
ROMEO:
ROMEO:
ROMEO:
ROMEO:
ROMEO:
ROMEO:
ROMEO:
ROMEO:
ROMEO:
ROMEO:
ROMEO:
ROMEO:
ROMEO:
ROMEO:
ROMEO:
ROMEO:
ROMEO:
ROMEO:
ROMEO:
ROMEO:
ROMEO:
ROMEO:
ROMEO:
ROMEO:
ROMEO:
ROMEO:
ROMEO:
ROMEO:
ROMEO:
ROMEO:
ROMEO:
ROMEO:
ROMEO:
ROMEO:
ROMEO:
ROMEO:
ROMEO:
ROMEO:
ROMEO:
ROMEO:
ROMEO:
ROMEO:
ROMEO:
ROMEO:
ROMEO:
ROMEO:
ROMEO:
ROMEO:
ROMEO:
ROMEO:
ROMEO:
ROMEO:
ROMEO:
ROMEO:
ROMEO:
ROMEO:
ROMEO:
ROMEO:
ROMEO:
ROMEO:
ROMEO:
ROMEO:
ROMEO:
ROMEO:
ROMEO:
ROMEO:
ROMEO:
ROMEO:
ROMEO:
ROMEO:
ROMEO:
ROMEO:
ROMEO:
ROMEO:
ROMEO:
ROMEO:
ROMEO:
ROMEO:
ROMEO:
ROMEO:
ROMEO:
ROMEO:
ROMEO:
ROMEO:
ROMEO:
ROMEO:
ROMEO:
ROMEO:
ROMEO:
ROMEO:
ROMEO:
ROMEO:
ROMEO:
ROMEO:
ROMEO:
ROMEO:
ROMEO:
ROMEO:
ROMEO:
ROMEO:
ROMEO:
ROMEO:
ROMEO:
ROMEO:
ROMEO:
ROMEO:
ROMEO:
ROMEO:
ROMEO:
ROMEO:
ROMEO:
ROMEO:
ROMEO:
ROMEO:
RIVERS:
RIVERS:
RIVERS:
RIVERS:
RIVERS:
RIVERS:
RIVERS:
RIVERS:
RIVERS:
RIVERS:
RIVERS:
RIVERS:
RIVERS:
RIVERS:
RIVERS:
RIVERS:
RIVERS:
RIVERS:
RIVERS:
RIVERS:
RIVERS:
RIVERS:
RIVERS:
RIVERS:
RIVERS:
RIVERS:
RIVERS:
RIVERS:
RICHMOND:
RICHMOND:
RICHMOND:
RICHMOND:
RICHMOND:
RICHMOND:
RICHMOND:
RICHMOND:
RICHMOND:
RICHMOND:
RICHMOND:
RICHMOND:
RICHMOND:
RICHMOND:
RICHARD:
RICHARD:
RICHARD:
RICHARD:
RICHARD:
RICHARD:
RICHARD:
RICHARD:
RICHARD:
RICHARD:
RICHARD:
RICHARD:
RICHARD:
RICHARD:
RICHARD:
RICHARD:
RICHARD:
RICHARD:
RICHARD:
RICHARD:
RICHARD:
RICHARD:
RICHARD:
RICHARD:
RICHARD:
RICHARD:
RICHARD:
RICHARD:
RICHARD:
RICHARD:
RICHARD:
RICHARD:
RICHARD:
RICHARD:
RICHARD:
RICHARD:
RICHARD:
RICHARD:
RICHARD:
RICHARD:
RICHARD:
RICHARD:
RATCLIFF:
RATCLIFF:
RATCLIFF:
RATCLIFF:
RATCLIFF:
RATCLIFF:
RATCLIFF:
RATCLIFF:
RATCLIFF:
RATCLIFF:
RATCLIFF:
RATCLIFF:
RATCLIFF:
RATCLIFF:
RATCLIFF:
RATCLIFF:
RATCLIFF:
RATCLIFF:
Quit their own part, and in obsequious fondness
Quit presently the chapel, or resolve you
Quick, dispatch, and send the head to Angelo.
Quick proceeders, marry! Now, tell me, I pray,
Quick is mine ear to hear of good towards him.
Queen Margaret, Prince Edward, and Oxford,
Quarrel sir! no, sir.
QUEEN:
QUEEN:
QUEEN:
QUEEN:
QUEEN:
QUEEN:
QUEEN:
QUEEN:
QUEEN:
QUEEN:
QUEEN:
QUEEN:
QUEEN:
QUEEN:
QUEEN:
QUEEN:
QUEEN:
QUEEN:
QUEEN:
QUEEN:
QUEEN:
QUEEN:
QUEEN:
QUEEN:
QUEEN:
QUEEN MARGARET:
QUEEN MARGARET:
QUEEN MARGARET:
QUEEN MARGARET:
QUEEN MARGARET:
QUEEN MARGARET:
QUEEN MARGARET:
QUEEN MARGARET:
QUEEN MARGARET:
QUEEN MARGARET:
QUEEN MARGARET:
QUEEN MARGARET:
QUEEN MARGARET:
QUEEN MARGARET:
QUEEN MARGARET:
QUEEN MARGARET:
QUEEN MARGARET:
QUEEN MARGARET:
QUEEN MARGARET:
QUEEN MARGARET:
QUEEN MARGARET:
QUEEN MARGARET:
QUEEN MARGARET:
QUEEN MARGARET:
QUEEN MARGARET:
QUEEN MARGARET:
QUEEN MARGARET:
QUEEN MARGARET:
QUEEN MARGARET:
QUEEN MARGARET:
QUEEN MARGARET:
QUEEN MARGARET:
QUEEN MARGARET:
QUEEN MARGARET:
QUEEN MARGARET:
QUEEN MARGARET:
QUEEN MARGARET:
QUEEN MARGARET:
QUEEN MARGARET:
QUEEN MARGARET:
QUEEN MARGARET:
QUEEN MARGARET:
QUEEN MARGARET:
QUEEN MARGARET:
QUEEN MARGARET:
QUEEN MARGARET:
QUEEN MARGARET:
QUEEN MARGARET:
QUEEN MARGARET:
QUEEN MARGARET:
QUEEN MARGARET:
QUEEN MARGARET:
QUEEN MARGARET:
QUEEN MARGARET:
QUEEN MARGARET:
QUEEN MARGARET:
QUEEN MARGARET:
QUEEN MARGARET:
QUEEN MARGARET:
QUEEN MARGARET:
QUEEN MARGARET:
QUEEN MARGARET:
QUEEN MARGARET:
QUEEN MARGARET:
QUEEN MARGARET:
QUEEN MARGARET:
QUEEN MARGARET:
QUEEN MARGARET:
QUEEN MARGARET:
QUEEN MARGARET:
QUEEN MARGARET:
QUEEN MARGARET:
QUEEN MARGARET:
QUEEN MARGARET:
QUEEN MARGARET:
QUEEN MARGARET:
QUEEN MARGARET:
QUEEN MARGARET:
QUEEN MARGARET:
QUEEN MARGARET:
QUEEN MARGARET:
QUEEN MARGARET:
QUEEN MARGARET:
QUEEN MARGARET:
QUEEN MARGARET:
QUEEN MARGARET:
QUEEN ELIZABETH:
QUEEN ELIZABETH:
QUEEN ELIZABETH:
QUEEN ELIZABETH:
QUEEN ELIZABETH:
QUEEN ELIZABETH:
QUEEN ELIZABETH:
QUEEN ELIZABETH:
QUEEN ELIZABETH:
QUEEN ELIZABETH:
QUEEN ELIZABETH:
QUEEN ELIZABETH:
QUEEN ELIZABETH:
QUEEN ELIZABETH:
QUEEN ELIZABETH:
QUEEN ELIZABETH:
QUEEN ELIZABETH:
QUEEN ELIZABETH:
QUEEN ELIZABETH:
QUEEN ELIZABETH:
QUEEN ELIZABETH:
QUEEN ELIZABETH:
QUEEN ELIZABETH:
QUEEN ELIZABETH:
QUEEN ELIZABETH:
QUEEN ELIZABETH:
QUEEN ELIZABETH:
QUEEN ELIZABETH:
QUEEN ELIZABETH:
QUEEN ELIZABETH:
QUEEN ELIZABETH:
QUEEN ELIZABETH:
QUEEN ELIZABETH:
QUEEN ELIZABETH:
QUEEN ELIZABETH:
QUEEN ELIZABETH:
QUEEN ELIZABETH:
QUEEN ELIZABETH:
QUEEN ELIZABETH:
QUEEN ELIZABETH:
QUEEN ELIZABETH:
QUEEN ELIZABETH:
QUEEN ELIZABETH:
QUEEN ELIZABETH:
QUEEN ELIZABETH:
QUEEN ELIZABETH:
QUEEN ELIZABETH:
QUEEN ELIZABETH:
QUEEN ELIZABETH:
QUEEN ELIZABETH:
QUEEN ELIZABETH:
QUEEN ELIZABETH:
QUEEN ELIZABETH:
QUEEN ELIZABETH:
QUEEN ELIZABETH:
QUEEN ELIZABETH:
QUEEN ELIZABETH:
QUEEN ELIZABETH:
QUEEN ELIZABETH:
QUEEN ELIZABETH:
QUEEN ELIZABETH:
QUEEN ELIZABETH:
QUEEN ELIZABETH:
QUEEN ELIZABETH:
QUEEN ELIZABETH:
QUEEN ELIZABETH:
QUEEN ELIZABETH:
QUEEN ELIZABETH:
QUEEN ELIZABETH:
QUEEN ELIZABETH:
QUEEN ELIZABETH:
QUEEN ELIZABETH:
QUEEN ELIZABETH:
QUEEN ELIZABETH:
QUEEN ELIZABETH:
QUEEN ELIZABETH:
QUEEN ELIZABETH:
QUEEN ELIZABETH:
QUEEN ELIZABETH:
QUEEN ELIZABETH:
QUEEN ELIZABETH:
QUEEN ELIZABETH:
QUEEN ELIZABETH:
QUEEN ELIZABETH:
QUEEN ELIZABETH:
QUEEN ELIZABETH:
QUEEN ELIZABETH:
QUEEN ELIZABETH:
QUEEN ELIZABETH:
QUEEN ELIZABETH:
QUEEN ELIZABETH:
QUEEN ELIZABETH:
QUEEN ELIZABETH:
QUEEN ELIZABETH:
QUEEN ELIZABETH:
QUEEN ELIZABETH:
QUEEN ELIZABETH:
QUEEN ELIZABETH:
QUEEN ELIZABETH:
QUEEN ELIZABETH:
QUEEN ELIZABETH:
QUEEN ELIZABETH:
QUEEN ELIZABETH:
QUEEN ELIZABETH:
QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Puts my apparel and my countenance on,
Put we our quarrel to the will of heaven;
Put up your swords; you know not what you do.
Put up your swords.
Put this in any liquid thing you will,
Put them not to't:
Put them in secret holds, both Barnardine and Claudio:
Put the wild waters in this roar, allay them.
Put on thee by my lord, thou ne'er shalt see
Put on the gown, stand naked and entreat them,
Put not your worthy rage into your tongue;
Put not another sin upon my head,
Put in their hands thy bruising irons of wrath,
Put in her tender heart the aspiring flame
Put him to choler straight: he hath been used
Put finger in the eye, an she knew why.
Pursuivant:
Pursuivant:
Pursuivant:
Pursued my humour not pursuing his,
Pursue him to his house, and pluck him thence:
Purge all infection from our air whilst you
Purchase the sight again of dear Sicilia
Provost:
Provost:
Provost:
Provost:
Provost:
Provost:
Provost:
Provost:
Provost:
Provost:
Provost:
Provost:
Provost:
Provost:
Provost:
Provost:
Provost:
Provost:
Provost:
Provost:
Provost:
Provost:
Provost:
Provost:
Provost:
Provost:
Provost:
Provost:
Provost:
Provost:
Provost:
Provost:
Provost:
Provost:
Provost:
Provost:
Provost:
Provost:
Provost:
Provost:
Provost:
Provost:
Provost:
Provost:
Provost:
Provost:
Provost:
Provost:
Provost:
Provost:
Provost:
Provost:
Provost:
Provost:
Provost:
Provost:
Provost:
Provost:
Provost:
Provost:
Provost:
Provost:
Provost:
Provost:
Provost:
Provost, my brother Angelo will not be altered;
Provost, how came it Claudio was beheaded
Provost, a word with you.
Provost, a word with you!
Provokes this deluge most unnatural.
Provoked by him, you cannot--the great danger
Provoke us hither now to slaughter thee.
Provided that, when he's removed, your highness
Provided that my banishment repeal'd
Provide the feast, father, and bid the guests;
Prove violence; in the which three great ones suffer,
Prove me, my gracious sovereign.
Prove it, Henry, and thou shalt be king.
Prove it before these varlets here, thou honourable
Prove as successful to the queen,--O be't so!--
Prove armed soldiers, ere her native king
Proud setter up and puller down of kings!
Proud majesty a subject, state a peasant.
Proud can I never be of what I hate;
Prosperity's the very bond of love,
Prosperity be thy page!
Prosper you, sweet sir!
Proportionable to the enemy
Proportion'd as one's thought would wish a man;
Properly ours.
Proof?
Pronounce thee a gross lout, a mindless slave,
Pronounce a sentence on your brother's life:
Promotion follows. If I could find example
Profess'd to him, why, his revenges must
Profess'd the contrary.
Profaners of this neighbour-stained steel,--
Profaned, dishonour'd, and the third usurp'd.
Produce the prisoner.
Prodigious, and untimely brought to light,
Prodigious birth of love it is to me,
Procure your sureties for your days of answer.
Procure me music ready when he wakes,
Proclaims him king, and many fly to him:
Proclaimed a strumpet: with immodest hatred
Proclaim you are no less! Can you so stead me
Proclaim it, provost, round about the city.
Proclaim an enshield beauty ten times louder
Proclaim a pardon to the soldiers fled
Proceeded to you; therefore take your honours.
Proceed:
Proceed.
Proceed thus rashly to the villain's death,
Proceed in practise with my younger daughter;
Proceed in justice, which shall have due course,
Privy to none of this. How will this grieve you,
Prithee, son, do; for we must be gentle, now we are
Prithee, peace.
Prithee, peace.
Prithee, no more; cease; thou know'st
Prithee, no more: thou dost talk nothing to me.
Prithee, let him.
Prithee, fellow, remember my name is Menenius,
Prithee, be my present partner in this business, and
Prithee, Kate, let's stand aside and see the end of
Prithee now, say you will, and go about it.
Prithee now,
Prithee bring him in; and let him approach singing.
Princes have but their tides for their glories,
Princes and noble lords,
Priest:
Prick'd from the lazy finger of a maid;
Prick love for pricking, and you beat love down.
Preys on the issue of his mother's body,
Prevent it, resist it, let it not be so,
Prevail not, go and see: if you can bring
Pretty! What say you, Hugh Rebeck?
Pretty too! What say you, James Soundpost?
Presuming on an ague's privilege,
Press me not, beseech you, so.
Preserver of my father, now of me,
Presented to my knife his throat: I took him;
Present our services to a fine new prince
Preposterous ass, that never read so far
Prepare you, lords, for Edward is at hand.
Prepare thy brow to frown: know'st
Prepare thy battle early in the morning,
Prepare her, wife, against this wedding-day.
Prepare her ears to hear a wooer's tale
Preoccupied with what you rather must do
Prefix'd for's parting: yet, good deed, Leontes,
Prefix'd by Angelo: see this be done,
Prefer them hither; for to cunning men
Pray, sir, in what?
Pray, sir, by your good favour,--for surely, sir, a
Pray, let us go.
Pray, let us go.
Pray, good shepherd, what fair swain is this
Pray, get you out.
Pray, be counsell'd:
Pray, be content:
Pray, Master Barnardine, awake till you are
Pray you, who does the wolf love?
Pray you, take note of it: and when you have
Pray you, put up your dagger, and put out your wit.
Pray you, poor gentleman, take up some other
Pray you, my lord, give me leave to question; you
Pray you, let's to him.
Pray you, let's hear.
Pray you, go to him.
Pray you, go fit you to the custom and
Pray you, do.
Pray you, be gone:
Pray you, be gone.
Pray you, a word.
Pray you then,
Pray you now, if it may stand with the tune of your
Pray you now, buy it.
Pray so; and, for the ordering your affairs,
Pray now, your news?
Pray now, sit down.
Pray now, no more: my mother,
Pray now, no more.
Pray now, buy some: I love a ballad in print o'
Pray heartily he be at palace.
Pray God, sir, your wife send you not a worse.
Pray God, I say, I prove a needless coward!
Pray God we may make haste, and come too late!
Pray God the plants thou graft'st may never grow.
Praised!
Praise her but for this her without-door form,
Pour all your tears! I am your sorrow's nurse,
Pots, and, I think, forty more; all great doers in
Post:
Post:
Post:
Post:
Post:
Post:
Post:
Post:
Post:
Post you to London, and you will find it so;
Post thou to Salisbury
Poor thing, condemn'd to loss!
Poor soul, thy face is much abused with tears.
Poor sacrifices of our enmity!
Poor queen! so that thy state might be no worse,
Poor queen! how love to me and to her son
Poor queen and son, your labour is but lost;
Poor painted queen, vain flourish of my fortune!
Poor living corse, closed in a dead man's tomb!
Poor key-cold figure of a holy king!
Poor heart, adieu! I pity thy complaining.
Poor harmless lambs abide their enmity.
Poor breathing orators of miseries!
Poor Clifford! how I scorn his worthless threats!
Poor Clarence did forsake his father, Warwick;
Pompey: you will turn good husband now, Pompey; you
Pompey.
Polixenes for Leontes: O thou thing!
Poison, I see, hath been his timeless end:
Poison hath residence and medicine power:
Plunged in the foaming brine and quit the vessel,
Pluck'd from my arms perforce and given away
Pluck'd four away.
Pluck up thy spirits; look cheerfully upon me.
Plough Rome and harrow Italy: I'll never
Plots have I laid, inductions dangerous,
Pleased you to do't at peril of your soul,
Please your highness, posts
Please you, sir,
Please you to interpose, fair madam: kneel
Please you to do't,
Please you to accept it, that the queen is spotless
Please you dismiss me either with 'ay' or 'no.'
Please ye we may contrive this afternoon,
Please it your majesty to give me leave,
Please but your honour hear me.
Pleads he in earnest? look upon his face;
Plead what I will be, not what I have been;
Plays such fantastic tricks before high heaven
Plays fondly with her tears and smiles in meeting,
Players:
Play'd for a pair of stainless maidenhoods:
Play too, but so disgraced a part, whose issue
Play the men.
Play the maid's part, still answer nay, and take it.
Plaster you o'er, that you may be abhorr'd
Plantagenet.
Plantagenet, of thee and these thy sons,
Plantagenet, for all the claim thou lay'st,
Plantagenet! I come, Plantagenet!
Plantagenet shall speak first: hear him, lords;
Plantagenet doth quit Plantagenet.
Plainly conceive, I love you.
Plainly as heaven sees earth and earth sees heaven,
Plain and not honest is too harsh a style.
Places remote enough are in Bohemia,
Pity, you ancient stones, those tender babes
Pity may move thee 'pardon' to rehearse.
Pitiful sight! here lies the county slain,
Piteous predicament! Even so lies she,
Pitchers have ears.
Pitchers have ears, and I have many servants:
Pisa renowned for grave citizens.
Pisa renown'd for grave citizens
Pins and poking-sticks of steel,
Pink for flower.
Piercing our Romans: then, valiant Titus, take
Pierced to the soul with slander's venom'd spear,
Pewter and brass and all things that belong
Petruchio, stand by a while.
Petruchio, since we are stepp'd thus far in,
Petruchio, shall I then come roundly to thee
Petruchio, patience; I am Grumio's pledge:
Petruchio, go thy ways; the field is won.
Petruchio, I shall be your ben venuto.
Petruchio is my name; Antonio's son,
Petitioners for blood thou ne'er put'st back.
Peter, take my fan, and go before and apace.
Peter, stay at the gate.
Peter, didst ever see the like?
Peter!
Peter!
Peruse this writing here, and thou shalt know
Persuades when speaking fails.
Persuades me it is otherwise: howe'er it be,
Persuades me I was better when a king;
Persuade this rude wretch willingly to die.
Persuade the queen to send the Duke of York
Persuade him that he hath been lunatic;
Perpetual durance?
Permitted by our dastard nobles, who
Perjury, perjury, in the high'st degree
Perhaps, him and her, sir: what have you to do?
Perhaps you mark'd not what's the pith of all.
Perhaps you have learned it without book: but, I
Perhaps thy childishness will move him more
Perhaps thou wilt object my holy oath:
Perhaps they had ere this, but that they stay
Perfume for a lady's chamber;
Perform'd to point the tempest that I bade thee?
Perform'd in this wide gap of time since first
Perchance she cannot meet him: that's not so.
Perchance shall dry your pities: but I have
Perchance are to this business purblind? say.
Pembroke and Stafford, you in our behalf
Peering in April's front. This your sheep-shearing
Peer'd forth the golden window of the east,
Pedascule, I'll watch you better yet.
Pedant:
Pedant:
Pedant:
Pedant:
Pedant:
Pedant:
Pedant:
Pedant:
Pedant:
Pedant:
Pedant:
Pedant:
Pedant:
Pedant:
Pedant:
Pedant:
Pedant:
Pedant:
Pedant:
Pedant:
Peace, you mumbling fool!
Peace, wilful boy, or I will charm your tongue.
Peace, thou! and give King Henry leave to speak.
Peace, sirrah!
Peace, peace; be not so loud.
Peace, peace, Mercutio, peace!
Peace, peace!
Peace, master marquess, you are malapert:
Peace, impudent and shameless Warwick, peace,
Peace, ho, for shame! confusion's cure lives not
Peace, ho! no outrage: peace!
Peace, foolish woman.
Peace, children, peace! the king doth love you well:
Peace, both, and hear me speak.
Peace, Tranio!
Peace, I have done. God mark thee to his grace!
Peace, Grumio! it is the rival of my love.
Peace!
Peace!
Peace shall go sleep with Turks and infidels,
Peace have they made with him indeed, my lord.
Peace be with you!
Peace and prosperity! Who is't that calls
Pay with falsehood false exacting,
Paulina! She had one eye declined for the loss of
Pattern in himself to know,
Patience, good Katharina, and Baptista too.
Patience, I pray you; 'twas a fault unwilling.
Patience perforce with wilful choler meeting
Patience is stale, and I am weary of it.
Patience is for poltroons, such as he:
Patience awhile, you'll hear the belly's answer.
Past the mid season.
Past and to come, that you do change this purpose,
Pass'd over to the end they were created,
Pass no further.
Partly for that her promised proportions
Partake to every one. I, an old turtle,
Part, fools!
Part us, Northumberland; I toward the north,
Part of your cares you give me with your crown.
Pardon, old father, my mistaking eyes,
Pardon, my lord; I will not show my face
Pardon, master;
Pardon, madam:
Pardon, good Mercutio, my business was great; and in
Pardon, dear father.
Pardon, I pray thee, for my mad mistaking.
Pardon me, sir, the boldness is mine own,
Pardon me, noble lord:
Pardon me, madam: little joy have I
Pardon me, lords, 'tis the first time that ever
Pardon me, if you please; if not, I, pleased
Pardon me, good father; it is against my oath.
Pardon me, Margaret; pardon me, sweet son:
Pardon me, God, I knew not what I did!
Pardon me, Edward, I will make amends:
Pardon it;
Pardon is still the nurse of second woe:
Pardon is all the suit I have in hand.
Pale, pale as ashes, all bedaub'd in blood,
Pale trembling coward, there I throw my gage,
Pale ashes of the house of Lancaster!
Painting, sir, I have heard say, is a mystery; and
Page:
Page:
Page:
Page:
Page:
Page:
Page:
Page:
Page:
Page:
Page:
Padua affords this kindness, son Petruchio.
Padua affords nothing but what is kind.
PROSPERO:
PROSPERO:
PROSPERO:
PROSPERO:
PROSPERO:
PROSPERO:
PROSPERO:
PROSPERO:
PROSPERO:
PROSPERO:
PROSPERO:
PROSPERO:
PROSPERO:
PROSPERO:
PROSPERO:
PROSPERO:
PROSPERO:
PROSPERO:
PROSPERO:
PROSPERO:
PROSPERO:
PROSPERO:
PROSPERO:
PROSPERO:
PROSPERO:
PROSPERO:
PROSPERO:
PROSPERO:
PROSPERO:
PROSPERO:
PROSPERO:
PROSPERO:
PROSPERO:
PROSPERO:
PROSPERO:
PROSPERO:
PROSPERO:
PROSPERO:
PROSPERO:
PROSPERO:
PROSPERO:
PROSPERO:
PROSPERO:
PROSPERO:
PROSPERO:
PROSPERO:
PROSPERO:
PROSPERO:
PROSPERO:
PROSPERO:
PROSPERO:
PROSPERO:
PROSPERO:
PROSPERO:
PROSPERO:
PROSPERO:
PROSPERO:
PROSPERO:
PROSPERO:
PROSPERO:
PROSPERO:
PROSPERO:
PROSPERO:
PRINCE:
PRINCE:
PRINCE:
PRINCE:
PRINCE:
PRINCE:
PRINCE:
PRINCE:
PRINCE:
PRINCE:
PRINCE:
PRINCE:
PRINCE:
PRINCE:
PRINCE:
PRINCE:
PRINCE:
PRINCE EDWARD:
PRINCE EDWARD:
PRINCE EDWARD:
PRINCE EDWARD:
PRINCE EDWARD:
PRINCE EDWARD:
PRINCE EDWARD:
PRINCE EDWARD:
PRINCE EDWARD:
PRINCE EDWARD:
PRINCE EDWARD:
PRINCE EDWARD:
PRINCE EDWARD:
PRINCE EDWARD:
PRINCE EDWARD:
PRINCE EDWARD:
PRINCE EDWARD:
PRINCE EDWARD:
PRINCE EDWARD:
PRINCE EDWARD:
PRINCE EDWARD:
PRINCE EDWARD:
PRINCE EDWARD:
PRINCE EDWARD:
PRINCE EDWARD:
PRINCE EDWARD:
PRINCE EDWARD:
PRINCE EDWARD:
PRINCE EDWARD:
PRINCE EDWARD:
PRINCE EDWARD:
PRINCE EDWARD:
PRINCE EDWARD:
POMPHEY:
POMPHEY:
POMPEY:
POMPEY:
POMPEY:
POMPEY:
POMPEY:
POMPEY:
POMPEY:
POMPEY:
POMPEY:
POMPEY:
POMPEY:
POMPEY:
POMPEY:
POMPEY:
POMPEY:
POMPEY:
POMPEY:
POMPEY:
POMPEY:
POMPEY:
POMPEY:
POMPEY:
POMPEY:
POMPEY:
POMPEY:
POMPEY:
POMPEY:
POMPEY:
POMPEY:
POMPEY:
POMPEY:
POMPEY:
POMPEY:
POMPEY:
POMPEY:
POMPEY:
POMPEY:
POMPEY:
POMPEY:
POMPEY:
POMPEY:
POMPEY:
POMPEY:
POMPEY:
POMPEY:
POMPEY:
POMPEY:
POMPEY:
POMPEY:
POMPEY:
POMPEY:
POMPEY:
POMPEY:
POMPEY:
POMPEY:
POMPEY:
POMPEY:
POMPEY:
POLIXENES:
POLIXENES:
POLIXENES:
POLIXENES:
POLIXENES:
POLIXENES:
POLIXENES:
POLIXENES:
POLIXENES:
POLIXENES:
POLIXENES:
POLIXENES:
POLIXENES:
POLIXENES:
POLIXENES:
POLIXENES:
POLIXENES:
POLIXENES:
POLIXENES:
POLIXENES:
POLIXENES:
POLIXENES:
POLIXENES:
POLIXENES:
POLIXENES:
POLIXENES:
POLIXENES:
POLIXENES:
POLIXENES:
POLIXENES:
POLIXENES:
POLIXENES:
POLIXENES:
POLIXENES:
POLIXENES:
POLIXENES:
POLIXENES:
POLIXENES:
POLIXENES:
POLIXENES:
POLIXENES:
POLIXENES:
POLIXENES:
POLIXENES:
POLIXENES:
POLIXENES:
POLIXENES:
POLIXENES:
POLIXENES:
POLIXENES:
POLIXENES:
POLIXENES:
POLIXENES:
POLIXENES:
POLIXENES:
POLIXENES:
POLIXENES:
PHILIP:
PETRUCHIO:
PETRUCHIO:
PETRUCHIO:
PETRUCHIO:
PETRUCHIO:
PETRUCHIO:
PETRUCHIO:
PETRUCHIO:
PETRUCHIO:
PETRUCHIO:
PETRUCHIO:
PETRUCHIO:
PETRUCHIO:
PETRUCHIO:
PETRUCHIO:
PETRUCHIO:
PETRUCHIO:
PETRUCHIO:
PETRUCHIO:
PETRUCHIO:
PETRUCHIO:
PETRUCHIO:
PETRUCHIO:
PETRUCHIO:
PETRUCHIO:
PETRUCHIO:
PETRUCHIO:
PETRUCHIO:
PETRUCHIO:
PETRUCHIO:
PETRUCHIO:
PETRUCHIO:
PETRUCHIO:
PETRUCHIO:
PETRUCHIO:
PETRUCHIO:
PETRUCHIO:
PETRUCHIO:
PETRUCHIO:
PETRUCHIO:
PETRUCHIO:
PETRUCHIO:
PETRUCHIO:
PETRUCHIO:
PETRUCHIO:
PETRUCHIO:
PETRUCHIO:
PETRUCHIO:
PETRUCHIO:
PETRUCHIO:
PETRUCHIO:
PETRUCHIO:
PETRUCHIO:
PETRUCHIO:
PETRUCHIO:
PETRUCHIO:
PETRUCHIO:
PETRUCHIO:
PETRUCHIO:
PETRUCHIO:
PETRUCHIO:
PETRUCHIO:
PETRUCHIO:
PETRUCHIO:
PETRUCHIO:
PETRUCHIO:
PETRUCHIO:
PETRUCHIO:
PETRUCHIO:
PETRUCHIO:
PETRUCHIO:
PETRUCHIO:
PETRUCHIO:
PETRUCHIO:
PETRUCHIO:
PETRUCHIO:
PETRUCHIO:
PETRUCHIO:
PETRUCHIO:
PETRUCHIO:
PETRUCHIO:
PETRUCHIO:
PETRUCHIO:
PETRUCHIO:
PETRUCHIO:
PETRUCHIO:
PETRUCHIO:
PETRUCHIO:
PETRUCHIO:
PETRUCHIO:
PETRUCHIO:
PETRUCHIO:
PETRUCHIO:
PETRUCHIO:
PETRUCHIO:
PETRUCHIO:
PETRUCHIO:
PETRUCHIO:
PETRUCHIO:
PETRUCHIO:
PETRUCHIO:
PETRUCHIO:
PETRUCHIO:
PETRUCHIO:
PETRUCHIO:
PETRUCHIO:
PETRUCHIO:
PETRUCHIO:
PETRUCHIO:
PETRUCHIO:
PETRUCHIO:
PETRUCHIO:
PETRUCHIO:
PETRUCHIO:
PETRUCHIO:
PETRUCHIO:
PETRUCHIO:
PETRUCHIO:
PETRUCHIO:
PETRUCHIO:
PETRUCHIO:
PETRUCHIO:
PETRUCHIO:
PETRUCHIO:
PETRUCHIO:
PETRUCHIO:
PETRUCHIO:
PETRUCHIO:
PETRUCHIO:
PETRUCHIO:
PETRUCHIO:
PETRUCHIO:
PETRUCHIO:
PETRUCHIO:
PETRUCHIO:
PETRUCHIO:
PETRUCHIO:
PETRUCHIO:
PETRUCHIO:
PETRUCHIO:
PETRUCHIO:
PETRUCHIO:
PETRUCHIO:
PETRUCHIO:
PETRUCHIO:
PETRUCHIO:
PETRUCHIO:
PETRUCHIO:
PETRUCHIO:
PETRUCHIO:
PETRUCHIO:
PETRUCHIO:
PETRUCHIO:
PETRUCHIO:
PETRUCHIO:
PETRUCHIO:
PETRUCHIO:
PETRUCHIO:
PETER:
PETER:
PETER:
PETER:
PETER:
PETER:
PETER:
PETER:
PETER:
PETER:
PETER:
PETER:
PETER:
PETER:
PETER:
PERDITA:
PERDITA:
PERDITA:
PERDITA:
PERDITA:
PERDITA:
PERDITA:
PERDITA:
PERDITA:
PERDITA:
PERDITA:
PERDITA:
PERDITA:
PERDITA:
PERDITA:
PERDITA:
PERDITA:
PERDITA:
PERDITA:
PERDITA:
PERDITA:
PERDITA:
PERDITA:
PERDITA:
PERDITA:
PAULINA:
PAULINA:
PAULINA:
PAULINA:
PAULINA:
PAULINA:
PAULINA:
PAULINA:
PAULINA:
PAULINA:
PAULINA:
PAULINA:
PAULINA:
PAULINA:
PAULINA:
PAULINA:
PAULINA:
PAULINA:
PAULINA:
PAULINA:
PAULINA:
PAULINA:
PAULINA:
PAULINA:
PAULINA:
PAULINA:
PAULINA:
PAULINA:
PAULINA:
PAULINA:
PAULINA:
PAULINA:
PAULINA:
PAULINA:
PAULINA:
PAULINA:
PAULINA:
PAULINA:
PAULINA:
PAULINA:
PAULINA:
PAULINA:
PAULINA:
PAULINA:
PAULINA:
PAULINA:
PAULINA:
PAULINA:
PAULINA:
PAULINA:
PAULINA:
PAULINA:
PAULINA:
PAULINA:
PAULINA:
PAULINA:
PAULINA:
PAULINA:
PAULINA:
PARIS:
PARIS:
PARIS:
PARIS:
PARIS:
PARIS:
PARIS:
PARIS:
PARIS:
PARIS:
PARIS:
PARIS:
PARIS:
PARIS:
PARIS:
PARIS:
PARIS:
PARIS:
PARIS:
PARIS:
PARIS:
PARIS:
PARIS:
PAGE:
PAGE:
PAGE:
PAGE:
Oxford, redoubted Pembroke, Sir James Blunt,
Oxford, how haps it, in this smooth discourse,
Oxford, Oxford, for Lancaster!
Owe and succeed thy weakness.
Overdone's own house, for here be many of her old
Over the glittering helmet of my foe!
Outlive thy glory, like my wretched self!
Out--
Out, you rogue! you pluck my foot awry:
Out, you green-sickness carrion! out, you baggage!
Out, devil! I remember them too well:
Out, alas!
Out!
Out upon you! what a man are you!
Out upon him! prig, for my life, prig: he haunts
Out three years old.
Out on you, owls! nothing but songs of death?
Out on her, hilding!
Out of thy sleep. What is it thou didst say?
Out of thy garments.
Out of their saddles into the dirt; and thereby
Out of the dukedom and confer fair Milan
Out of the chamber with her! Were I a tyrant,
Out of my sight! thou dost infect my eyes.
Out of my files, his projects to accomplish,
Out of hope of all, but my share of the feast.
Out of his charity, being then appointed
Out of her favour, where I am in love.
Ourselves, our wives, and children, on our knees,
Ourselves to be the slaves of chance and flies
Ourself and Bushy, Bagot here and Green
Ours of true zeal and deep integrity.
Our wish, which side should win: for either thou
Our whole city is much bound to him.
Our wedding cheer to a sad burial feast,
Our very priests must become mockers, if they shall
Our uncle York lord governor of England;
Our trusty friend, unless I be deceived.
Our treasures seized, our soldiers put to flight,
Our tradesmen with in their shops and going
Our town of Cicester in Gloucestershire;
Our title to the crown and only claim
Our swifter composition.
Our substitutes at home shall have blank charters;
Our strength as weak, our weakness past compare,
Our stern alarums changed to merry meetings,
Our steed the leg, the tongue our trumpeter.
Our spoils he kick'd at,
Our sorrow with our comfort.
Our solemn hymns to sullen dirges change,
Our soldiers', like the night-owl's lazy flight,
Our slaughter'd friends the tackles; what of these?
Our sighs and they shall lodge the summer corn,
Our shame perpetual. Once a day I'll visit
Our scouts have found the adventure very easy:
Our scene is alter'd from a serious thing,
Our rustic garden's barren; and I care not
Our ranks are broke, and ruin follows us:
Our purses shall be proud, our garments poor;
Our purpose to them: and to our noble consul
Our prayers to the gods, which is a comfort
Our prayers do out-pray his; then let them have
Our praises are our wages: you may ride's
Our people and our peers are both misled,
Our part therein we banish with yourselves--
Our old and faithful friend, we are glad to see you.
Our musty superfluity. See, our best elders.
Our most disloyal lady, for, as she hath
Our lands, our lives and all are Bolingbroke's,
Our knees shall kneel till to the ground they grow:
Our instruments to melancholy bells,
Our holy lives must win a new world's crown,
Our haste from hence is of so quick condition
Our hap is loss, our hope but sad despair;
Our guider, come; to the Roman camp conduct us.
Our greatest friends attend us.
Our gentry than our parents' noble names,
Our former hatred, so thrive I and mine!
Our forceful instigation? Our prerogative
Our fine musician groweth amorous.
Our fatherless distress was left unmoan'd;
Our fair appointments may be well perused.
Our enemy is banish'd! he is gone! Hoo! hoo!
Our dukedom till God please to send the rest.
Our dreadful marches to delightful measures.
Our doubts are traitors
Our doctors say this is no month to bleed.
Our cousin Hereford and fell Mowbray fight:
Our coronation: lords, prepare yourselves.
Our corn's to reap, for yet our tithe's to sow.
Our contract celebrated.
Our comfort in the country. We must find
Our city's institutions, and the terms
Our certain death: therefore it is decreed
Our business is not unknown to the senate; they have
Our bruised arms hung up for monuments;
Our bridal flowers serve for a buried corse,
Our battles join'd, and both sides fiercely fought:
Our baleful news, and at each word's deliverance
Our army's in the field
Our army is ready; come, we'll after them.
Our archers shall be placed in the midst
Our ancient word of courage, fair Saint George,
Our aery buildeth in the cedar's top,
Our aediles smote? ourselves resisted? Come.
Our Romeo hath not been in bed to-night.
Our Rome will cast upon thee.
Our Rome hath such a soldier.'
Our Perdita is found.
Our Earl of Warwick, Edward's greatest friend.
Order the trial, marshal, and begin.
Or, with the rest, where is your darling Rutland?
Or, wanting that, with tears distill'd by moans:
Or, seeing it, of such childish friendliness
Or, like obedient subjects, follow him
Or, if you'ld ask, remember this before:
Or, if you show your face, you must not speak.
Or, if you do not, make the bridal bed
Or, if thou wilt, swear by thy gracious self,
Or, if thou wilt not, be but sworn my love,
Or, if sour woe delights in fellowship
Or, if she be accused in true report,
Or, if not so, until the sun be set:
Or, if misfortune miss the first career,
Or, if his mind be writ, give me his letter.
Or, if he do, it needs must be by stealth.
Or, if I live, is it not very like,
Or, he that slew her brothers and her uncles?
Or, by the fires of heaven, I'll leave the foe
Or, by the affection that now guides me most,
Or, by Saint Paul, I'll strike thee to my foot,
Or, being open, put into his hands
Or wring redress from you. Hear me, O hear me, here!
Or wrath or craft may get him.
Or worthily, as a good subject should,
Or with the clamorous report of war
Or with pale beggar-fear impeach my height
Or with an outstretch'd throat I'll tell the world aloud
Or wilt thou sleep? we'll have thee to a couch
Or wilt thou ride? thy horses shall be trapp'd,
Or whether that the body public be
Or whether he be 'scaped away or no
Or whether 'twas report of her success;
Or when you waked, so waked as if you slept.
Or what you will command me will I do,
Or what is worst will follow.
Or what is now received: I witness to
Or wallow naked in December snow
Or walk in thievish ways; or bid me lurk
Or to their own perdition.
Or to dispraise my lord with that same tongue
Or thou wert born a fool. Camillo's flight,
Or thou goest to the orange or mill.
Or those eyes shut, that make thee answer 'I.'
Or thee? or thee? or any of your faction?
Or that we would, against the form of law,
Or that the resolute acting of your blood
Or that I could forget what I have been,
Or than for strength and safety of our country.
Or stronger for your need.
Or stones whose rates are either rich or poor
Or sound so base a parle, my teeth shall tear
Or something hath the nothing that I grieve:
Or so devote to Aristotle's cheques
Or shut me nightly in a charnel-house,
Or shall we play the wantons with our woes,
Or shall we on without a apology?
Or shall we on the helmets of our foes
Or shall we beat the stones about thine ears?
Or shall they last, and we rejoice in them?
Or shall I send my daughter Kate to you?
Or shall I come to you at evening mass?
Or seven fair branches springing from one root:
Or seeming so in skill, cannot or will not
Or seem so craftily; and that's not good.
Or seek for rule, supremacy and sway,
Or rudely visit them in parts remote,
Or pile ten hills on the Tarpeian rock,
Or of the deadly seven, it is the least.
Or nourish'd him as I did with my blood,
Or not remember what I must be now!
Or not my father's. For I cannot be
Or never trust to what my tongue can do
Or never be so noble as a consul,
Or never after look me in the face:
Or my true heart with treacherous revolt
Or my shamed life in his dishonour lies:
Or my divine soul answer it in heaven.
Or more than common fear of Clifford's rigour,
Or modest Dian circled with her nymphs,
Or manage it to part these men with me.
Or lowly factor for another's gain;
Or lose mine arm fort: thou hast beat me out
Or live in peace abandon'd and despised!
Or like an idle thresher with a flail,
Or like a cunning instrument cased up,
Or let us stand to our authority,
Or let us lose it. We do here pronounce,
Or let me die, to look on death no more!
Or lambs pursued by hunger-starved wolves.
Or lace for your cape,
Or it hath drawn me rather. But 'tis gone.
Or is the adder better than the eel,
Or in thy piteous heart plant thou thine ear;
Or in my cell there would she kill herself.
Or in his emmence that fills it up,
Or ill-beseeming beast in seeming both!
Or if thou think'st I am too quickly won,
Or if of grief, being altogether had,
Or if not so, then here I hit it right,
Or if it be, 'tis with false sorrow's eye,
Or how stolen from the dead.
Or hoop his body more with thy embraces,
Or hollowly put on.
Or hew my way out with a bloody axe.
Or here or elsewhere to the furthest verge
Or hand of man hath done; therefore I keep it
Or hailstone in the sun. Your virtue is
Or had he 'scaped, methinks we should have heard
Or from the all that are took something good,
Or fortune given me measure of revenge.
Or felt that pain which I did for him once,
Or ere I journey to your father's house.
Or else you would not have bestow'd the heir
Or else you like not of my company.
Or else you get no beef of Grumio.
Or else you famish; that's a threefold death.
Or else thou diest to-morrow.
Or else thou art suborn'd against his honour
Or else new form'd 'em; having both the key
Or else my kingdom stands on brittle glass.
Or else my heart concealing it will break,
Or else it would have gall'd his surly nature,
Or else his head's assurance is but frail.
Or else he never would compare between.
Or else he must not only die the death,
Or else for ever be confixed here,
Or else depart; here all eyes gaze on us.
Or else come after: I'll away before.
Or else beshrew them both.
Or else be impudently negative,
Or else a hovering temporizer, that
Or earth, gape open wide and eat him quick,
Or docks, or mallows.
Or do I dream? or have I dream'd till now?
Or die renowned by attempting it.
Or die a soldier, as I lived a king.
Or did he make the jest against his will?
Or dedicate his beauty to the sun.
Or daring-hardy as to touch the lists,
Or cloy the hungry edge of appetite
Or chivalrous design of knightly trial:
Or by the father there were none at all;
Or by the break of day disguised from hence:
Or by his foe surprised at unawares:
Or butchers killing flies.
Or breed upon our absence; that may blow
Or both dissemble deeply their affections:
Or blessed was't we did?
Or bitterly to speak in your reproof.
Or bide the mortal fortune of the field?
Or bid me go into a new-made grave
Or bend one wrinkle on my sovereign's face.
Or be accused of folly. I shall tell you
Or bathed thy growing with our heated bloods.
Or as thy father and his father did,
Or as the south to the septentrion.
Or as a moat defensive to a house,
Or as a bear, encompass'd round with dogs,
Or as 'twere perfumed by a fen.
Or any other ground inhabitable,
Or any he the proudest of thy sort.
Or any creeping venom'd thing that lives!
Or am I mad, hearing him talk of Juliet,
Or all will fall in broil.
Or all or lose his hire.
Or a half-moon made with a pen.
Or Signior Gremio, you, know any such,
Or Jove for's power to thunder. His heart's his mouth:
Or I'll be buried in the king's highway,
Or I with grief and extreme age shall perish
Or I will fill the house with armed men,
Or I will drag thee on a hurdle thither.
Or I shall so be-mete thee with thy yard
Or I shall faint. A plague o' both your houses!
Or I my life.
Or I mistake you: O, would her name were Grace!
Or I am much deceived, cuckolds ere now;
Or Ethiopian's tooth, or the fann'd
Or Edward's soft and pitiful, like mine
Or Daphne roaming through a thorny wood,
Or Cytherea's breath; pale primroses
Opposing laws with strokes and here defying
Opposed, as it must be, by the power of the king:
Oppose against their wills.
Opinion that so sticks on Marcius shall
Open their congeal'd mouths and bleed afresh!
Open the tomb, lay me with Juliet.
Open the gates; we are King Henry's friends.
Open Thy gate of mercy, gracious God!
Only, this one: Lord Angelo is precise;
Only, good master, while we do admire
Only to stick it in their children's sight
Only their ends
Only reserved their factor, to buy souls
Only my wars with him: he is a lion
Only make trial what your love can do
Only in strokes; but, with thy grim looks and
Only for saying he would make his son
Only for propagation of a dower
Only for bearing burdens, and sore blows
Only fair speech.
One: tell.
One, gentlewoman, that God hath made for himself to
One, Kate, that you must kiss, and be acquainted with.
One writ with me in sour misfortune's book!
One word, good friend. Lucio, a word with you.
One word, good citizens.
One word more; I charge thee
One word more, one word.
One who, to put thee from thy heaviness,
One vial full of Edward's sacred blood,
One time will owe another.
One thus descended,
One three of them, by their own report, sir, hath
One thing or other: when thou didst not, savage,
One that, above all other strifes, contended
One that you love.
One that speaks thus their voice?
One that made means to come by what he hath,
One that hath ever been God's enemy:
One that gives out himself Prince Florizel,
One that I would were here, Friar Lodowick.
One seven-night longer.
One rich enough to be Petruchio's wife,
One raised in blood, and one in blood establish'd;
One pain is lessen'd by another's anguish;
One on 's father's moods.
One of these two must be necessities,
One of these is true:
One of these days; and then you'ld wanton with us,
One of them you shall be.
One of the prettiest touches of all and that which
One of our souls had wander'd in the air.
One of our order, to associate me,
One of our convent, and his confessor,
One nick-name for her purblind son and heir,
One more, most welcome, makes my number more.
One kiss shall stop our mouths, and dumbly part;
One jot of ceremony.
One i' the neck, and two i' the thigh,--there's
One heaved a-high, to be hurl'd down below;
One grave shall be for both: upon them shall
One flourishing branch of his most royal root,
One fire drives out one fire; one nail, one nail;
One fairer than my love! the all-seeing sun
One desperate grief cures with another's languish:
One day too late, I fear me, noble lord,
One Ragozine, a most notorious pirate,
One Isabel, a sister, desires access to you.
Once, sir? there was nothing done to her once.
Once, if he do require our voices, we ought not to deny him.
Once stir my temper; but this virtuous maid
Once more, what news?
Once more, the more to aggravate the note,
Once more, take her hence.
Once more, on pain of death, all men depart.
Once more, good night, kind lords and gentlemen.
Once more, adieu; the rest let sorrow say.
Once more, adieu: be valiant, and speed well!
Once more we sit in England's royal throne,
Once more to look on him.
Once more to hew thy target from thy brawn,
Once in a month recount what thou hast been,
Once did I lay an ambush for your life,
On: those that think it is unlawful business
On, to the Capitol!
On, good Camillo.
On's brows: Menenius, he comes the third time home
On your displeasure's peril and on mine,
On your command.
On your allegiance,
On you or yours,
On yon proud man, should take it off again
On whom these airs attend! Vouchsafe my prayer
On whom it will not, so; yet still 'tis just.
On whom depending, their obedience fails
On what occasion, God he knows, not I,
On what condition stands it and wherein?
On twenty bloody blocks, he'ld yield them up,
On thy soul's peril and thy body's torture,
On this young man, for learning and behavior
On this side my hand, and on that side yours.
On this fair corse; and, as the custom is,
On them to took and practise by myself.
On their sustaining garments not a blemish,
On thee, the troubler of the poor world's peace!
On the white wonder of dear Juliet's hand
On the sudden,
On the fore-finger of an alderman,
On the fair daughter of rich Capulet:
On the curl'd clouds, to thy strong bidding task
On some known ground of treachery in him?
On some apparent danger seen in him
On safe-guard he came to me; and did curse
On purpose trimm'd up for Semiramis.
On pure heart's love to greet the tender princes.
On pain to be found false and recreant,
On pain to be found false and recreant,
On pain of torture, from those bloody hands
On pain of death, no person be so bold
On me, whose all not equals Edward's moiety?
On me, that halt and am unshapen thus?
On me, and you, and mine, and yours for this!
On like conditions, will have counter-seal'd.
On his shoulder, and his; her face o' fire
On him, his sons, his favourites and his friends.
On him so near us? This needs must be a practise.
On him I lay what you would lay on me,
On fair ground
On equal terms to give him chastisement?
On both sides more respect.
On both his knees doth kiss King Richard's hand
On a dissension of a doit, break out
On Wednesday next we solemnly set down
On Thursday, sir? the time is very short.
On Thursday next be married to this county.
On Lammas-eve at night shall she be fourteen;
Old wither'd plants, to wail it with their age.
Old sir, I know
Old Signior Gremio has in Padua;
Old John of Gaunt, time-honour'd Lancaster,
Old John of Gaunt is grievous sick, my lord,
Old Gaunt indeed, and gaunt in being old:
Oh, who shall hinder me to wail and weep,
Oh, that deceit should steal such gentle shapes,
Oh, poor Clarence!
Oh, if you love my brother, hate not me;
Oh, he is young and his minority
Oh for our father, for our dear lord Clarence!
Oh for my husband, for my dear lord Edward!
Oft have I heard of sanctuary men;
Oft have I heard his praises in pursuit,
Officious, and not valiant, you have shamed me
Officer:
Officer:
Officer:
Officer:
Officer:
Officer:
Officed with me: we two will walk, my lord,
Offer their own lives in their young's defence?
Offended us you have not, but the king.
Off with the crown, and with the crown his head;
Off with that bauble, throw it under-foot.
Off with my boots, you rogues! you villains, when?
Off with his son George's head!
Off with his head, and set it on York gates;
Off with his head! Now, by Saint Paul I swear,
Off goes his bonnet to an oyster-wench;
Of your own state take care: this dream of mine,--
Of your own cause. Is this the witness, friar?
Of your great danger.
Of your fresh princess; o'er and o'er divides him
Of your entire affection to Bianca;
Of your commissions.
Of you, my noble cousin, Lord Aumerle;
Of you, my noble cousin Buckingham,
Of you, Lord Rivers, and, Lord Grey, of you;
Of you that yet are well.
Of wounds two dozen odd; battles thrice six
Of woeful ages long ago betid;
Of whom you seem to have so tender care?
Of whom thy father, Prince of Wales, was first:
Of whom he's chief, with all the size that verity
Of who she but bid follow.
Of whence are you?
Of whence I am, nor that I am more better
Of what you should forget. Now, good my liege
Of what you promised me.
Of what we chance to sentence.
Of what that want might ruin.
Of what lies heavy to't.
Of what it is not. Then, thrice-gracious queen,
Of what is to be dreaded.
Of what is past.
Of what degree soever, with his brother.
Of watery Neptune, is now bound in with shame,
Of us too much beloved. Let us be clear'd
Of unrelenting Clifford and the queen,
Of tyranny and will ignoble make you,
Of twenty men, it would dispatch you straight.
Of trembling winter, the fairest
Of thy devotion and right Christian zeal.
Of thy deep duty more impression show
Of thy adverse pernicious enemy:
Of threescore and two years; a silly time
Of thousands that had struck anointed kings
Of those that lawless and incertain thought
Of those physicians that first wounded thee:
Of this sir-reverence love, wherein thou stick'st
Of this new marriage with the Lady Grey?
Of this most wise rebellion, thou go'st foremost:
Of this most grievous guilty murder done!
Of this make no conclusion, lest you say
Of this hard world, my ragged prison walls,
Of this fair couple, meets he on the way
Of this diseased opinion, and betimes;
Of this day's journey, and from nine till twelve
Of these supposed-evils, to give me leave,
Of these fair edifices 'fore my wars
Of these Plantagenets, Henry and Edward,
Of their own choice: one's Junius Brutus,
Of their breath only!
Of their best trust; o'er them Aufidius,
Of thee, my dear one, thee, my daughter, who
Of thee thyself and all thy complices,
Of the young prince, whose honourable thoughts,
Of the young prince your son: send straight for him
Of the world's ransom, blessed Mary's Son,
Of the whole dungy earth.
Of the whole body: but, if you do remember,
Of the whole body. The belly answer'd--
Of the wars' surfeits, to go rove with one
Of the same house Publius and Quintus were,
Of the salt deep,
Of the queen's speed, is gone.
Of the new'st and finest, finest wear-a?
Of the king's ship
Of the grave wearers. O, the sacrifice!
Of the all-building law; and that there were
Of the Lord Bonville on your new wife's son,
Of that wide gap, since it is in my power
Of that unsatiate Edward, noble York
Of that tongue's utterance, yet I know the sound:
Of that there's none, or little.
Of that sweet way I was in to despair!
Of that report which I so oft have heard.
Of that proud man that did usurp his back?
Of that integrity which should become't,
Of ten times double gain of happiness.
Of sweet young Rutland, by rough Clifford slain:
Of sulphurous roaring the most mighty Neptune
Of such possessions and so high esteem,
Of such as have before endured the like.
Of stuff'd sufficiency: now from the oracle
Of stronger earth than others. My mother bows;
Of stout Mercutio, and then Tybalt fled;
Of sprites and goblins.
Of sorrow or of joy?
Of some strange nature, letting it there stand
Of sky-aspiring and ambitious thoughts,
Of shame seen through thy country, speed
Of sacred chastity and of promise-breach
Of reasonable affairs? is he not stupid
Of prey that keep upon't.
Of present death.
Of pity, not revenge!
Of palsied eld; and when thou art old and rich,
Of outward order: this we came not to,
Of our so frank donation. Well, what then?
Of our proceedings here: on the marketplace,
Of our own power: what think you of it?
Of our most gracious mistress.
Of our great action: therefore shall he die,
Of our dominions, and that there thou leave it,
Of our design. He bears himself more proudlier,
Of one I danced withal.
Of officer and office, set all hearts i' the state
Of noisome musty chaff: he said 'twas folly,
Of noble blood in this declining land.
Of noble Richard! then true noblesse would
Of no more soul nor fitness for the world
Of no allowance to your bosom's truth.
Of neither, girl:
Of necessary fitness?
Of my young play-fellow.
Of my success.
Of my poor babe, according to thine oath,
Of my lord's tricks and yours when you were boys:
Of my lord general.
Of my kind uncle, that I know will give;
Of my dug and felt it bitter, pretty fool,
Of my conception. The state, whereon I studied
Of my child's love: I think she will be ruled
Of my boy's face, methoughts I did recoil
Of my behind-hand slackness. Welcome hither,
Of my Lord Hastings' late imprisonment.
Of much less value is my company
Of mortals that fall back to gaze on him
Of mortal breathing: seize it, if thou darest.
Of more strong link asunder than can ever
Of middle summer, and I think they are given
Of love?
Of love between your daughter and himself:
Of limping winter treads, even such delight
Of laughing with a sigh?--a note infallible
Of its right father. Blossom, speed thee well!
Of its own kind, all foison, all abundance,
Of ill-shaped fishes; and about his shelves
Of hostile arms! myself myself confound!
Of honourable reckoning are you both;
Of homage and I know not how much tribute,
Of holy reverence; who, I cannot learn.
Of his most sovereign name; consider little
Of his ill-ta'en suspicion! Come, Camillo;
Of his demerits rob Cominius.
Of his bright passage to the occident.
Of his bones are coral made;
Of him that did not ask, but mock, bestow
Of her awaking, here untimely lay
Of healths five-fathom deep; and then anon
Of head-piece extraordinary? lower messes
Of happy holding her.
Of greater sums than I have promised.
Of great Apollo's priest; and that, since then,
Of gracious order, late come from the See
Of government the properties to unfold,
Of good old Abraham! Lords appellants,
Of good and bad, that makes and unfolds error,
Of good Polixenes; and my ground to do't
Of golden sovereignty; acquaint the princess
Of golden metal that must round my brow
Of general ignorance,--it must omit
Of fruitful land, all which shall be her jointure.
Of force enough to bid his brother battle;
Of fire and water, when their thundering shock
Of fair demesnes, youthful, and nobly train'd,
Of excellent witchcraft, who of force must know
Of every wind that blows.
Of ever angry bears: it was a torment
Of either, madam.
Of dreaded justice, but on the ministers
Of double-fatal yew against thy state;
Of disobedient opposition
Of death, contagion, and unnatural sleep:
Of dear import, and the neglecting it
Of damned witchcraft, and that have prevail'd
Of contradiction: being once chafed, he cannot
Of comfort, kingdom, kindred, freedom, life.
Of civil wounds plough'd up with neighbours' sword;
Of celebration of that nuptial which
Of capital treason we arrest you here.
Of burning youth.
Of burning Rome.
Of breaking honesty--horsing foot on foot?
Of breaches, ambuscadoes, Spanish blades,
Of boundless tongue, who late hath beat her husband
Of both the Sicils and Jerusalem,
Of bloody strokes and mortal-staring war.
Of blind forgetfulness and dark oblivion.
Of blessed sanctuary! not for all this land
Of being tyrannous, since we so openly
Of any thing the image tell me that
Of any point in't shall not only be
Of an one pain, save for a night of groans
Of an old tear that is not wash'd off yet:
Of all thy suitors, here I charge thee, tell
Of all the world I loved and to him put
Of all the voices that we have procured
Of all the under fiends. But if so be
Of all the trades in Rome. Look, I am going:
Of all the days of the year, upon that day:
Of all that hear me, and my near'st of kin
Of all professors else, make proselytes
Of all my buried ancestors are packed:
Of all mad matches never was the like.
Of all encertainties himself commended,
Of a strange fever. Upon his mere request,
Of a poor worm. Thy best of rest is sleep,
Of a poor 'pothecary, and therewithal
Of a despised life closed in my breast
Of Tybalt deaf to peace, but that he tilts
Of Sycorax, toads, beetles, bats, light on you!
Of Ragozine, more like to Claudio?
Of Pisa, sir; son to Vincentio.
Of Phoebus' burning kisses: such a pother
Of Naples and of Milan, what strange fish
Of Marcius?
Of Mantua.
Of Mantua, sir? marry, God forbid!
Of King Polixenes, it should here be laid,
Of Essex, Norfolk, Suffolk, nor of Kent,
Of England's true-anointed lawful king.
Of England's chair, where he is falsely set;
Of Edward's heirs the murderer shall be.
Of Buckingham to welcome them ashore.
Of Bolingbroke: their fortunes both are weigh'd:
Of Bolingbroke, covering your fearful land
Observed his courtship to the common people;
Obeying with my wind when I do blow,
Obey, and go with me; for thou must die.
Obey the bride, you that attend on her;
Obey and be attentive. Canst thou remember
Obedience bids I should not bid again.
OXFORD:
OXFORD:
OXFORD:
OXFORD:
OXFORD:
OXFORD:
OXFORD:
OXFORD:
OXFORD:
OXFORD:
OXFORD:
OXFORD:
OXFORD:
OXFORD:
O,'tis Marcius!
O, your desert speaks loud; and I should wrong it,
O, you hope the duke will return no more; or you
O, you have made good work!
O, you are novices! 'tis a world to see,
O, yes, my lord, but very idle words:
O, yes, it doth; a thousand-fold it doth.
O, ye're well met: the hoarded plague o' the gods
O, would he did! and so perhaps he doth:
O, woe the day!
O, wilt thou leave me so unsatisfied?
O, widow Dido! ay, widow Dido.
O, who hath any cause to mourn but I?
O, who can hold a fire in his hand
O, whither?
O, where is Romeo? saw you him to-day?
O, when, I say, I look'd on Richard's face,
O, what more favour can I do to thee,
O, what may man within him hide,
O, what a beast was I to chide at him!
O, were it but my life,
O, well-a-day, that ever I was born!
O, well begg'd!
O, welcome, Oxford! for we want thy help.
O, was she so? I must
O, very well; I have perused the note.
O, true-bred!
O, true, good Catesby: bid him levy straight
O, to what purpose dost thou hoard thy words,
O, thou wilt speak again of banishment.
O, thou didst prophesy the time would come
O, thou art deceived; I would have made it short:
O, this same thought did but forerun my need;
O, this it is that makes your lady mourn!
O, this is it that makes your servants droop!
O, they did urge it still unto the king!
O, they are at it!
O, then, dear saint, let lips do what hands do;
O, then, I see, you will part but with light gifts;
O, then, I see Queen Mab hath been with you.
O, then my best blood turn
O, then how quickly should this arm of mine.
O, then began the tempest to my soul,
O, then I see that madmen have no ears.
O, the better, sir; for he that drinks all night,
O, that's the case of the shepherd's son: hang him,
O, that your young nobility could judge
O, that thou wouldst as well afford a grave
O, that she knew she were!
O, that once more you knew but what you are!
O, that must be
O, that it were as like as it is true!
O, that a mighty man of such descent,
O, that I were a glove upon that hand,
O, ten times more, than tigers of Hyrcania.
O, teach me how I should forget to think.
O, sweet my mother, cast me not away!
O, swear not by the moon, the inconstant moon,
O, stand up blest!
O, speak no more, for I have heard too much.
O, speak again, bright angel! for thou art
O, spare my guiltless wife and my poor children!
O, spare me not, my brother Edward's son,
O, sit my husband's wrongs on Hereford's spear,
O, sir, you must: and therefore I beseech you
O, sir, you are deceived.
O, sir, the conceit is deeper than you think for:
O, sir, sir, sir,
O, sir, his lackey, for all the world caparisoned
O, sir, Lucentio slipp'd me like his greyhound,
O, she's warm!
O, she that might have intercepted thee,
O, she says nothing, sir, but weeps and weeps;
O, she knew well
O, she is rich in beauty, only poor,
O, she is lame! love's heralds should be thoughts,
O, she doth teach the torches to burn bright!
O, serve me well, and teach yourselves that duty!
O, pity, God, this miserable age!
O, peace, Paulina!
O, peace! the friar is come.
O, patience!
O, pardon, that I name them! Your high self,
O, pardon me, my lord; it oft falls out,
O, pardon me, Signior Gremio; I would fain be doing.
O, pardon me for bringing these ill news,
O, now, let Richmond and Elizabeth,
O, now be gone; more light and light it grows.
O, now I would they had changed voices too!
O, now I want the priest that spake to me:
O, not by much.
O, no, no, no.
O, no, my dream was lengthen'd after life;
O, no, he loves me, and he holds me dear:
O, no, good Kate; neither art thou the worse
O, no! thou diest, though I the sicker be.
O, no! the apprehension of the good
O, no! alas, I rather hate myself
O, no more, no more!
O, my heart!
O, my heart bleeds
O, my fair cousin, I must not say so.
O, musicians, because my heart itself plays 'My
O, much I fear some ill unlucky thing.
O, mickle is the powerful grace that lies
O, me alone! make you a sword of me?
O, may such purple tears be alway shed
O, make them joyful, grant their lawful suit!
O, look! methinks I see my cousin's ghost
O, let us hence; I stand on sudden haste.
O, let them keep it till thy sins be ripe,
O, let my sovereign turn away his face
O, let me think on Hastings, and be gone
O, let me speak!
O, let me see thee walk: thou dost not halt.
O, let me pray before I take my death!
O, let me make the period to my curse!
O, let me clip ye
O, let him marry her.
O, know you yet, he doth it publicly,
O, kill me too!
O, is it so? But why commands the king
O, in this love, you love your child so ill,
O, if you raise this house against this house,
O, if thine eye be not a flatterer,
O, if a virgin,
O, if I wake, shall I not be distraught,
O, how we joy to see your wit restored!
O, how it yearn'd my heart when I beheld
O, how I long to have some chat with her!
O, ho! entreat her!
O, help me, help me! pluck but off these rags; and
O, he's a lovely gentleman!
O, he's a limb that has but a disease;
O, he was gentle, mild, and virtuous!
O, he is wounded; I thank the gods for't.
O, he is even in my mistress' case,
O, he hath kept an evil diet long,
O, had thy grandsire with a prophet's eye
O, had it been a stranger, not my child,
O, good! convey? conveyers are you all,
O, good sir, tenderly, O!
O, good sir, softly, good sir! I fear, sir, my
O, good sir, I do.
O, good madam, there can be none yet.
O, give me pardon,
O, gentlemen, see, see! dead Henry's wounds
O, full of danger is the Duke of Gloucester!
O, full of careful business are his looks!
O, find him! give this ring to my true knight,
O, fie, fie, fie!
O, fie, fie, fie!
O, father, you'll know more of that hereafter.
O, doubt not that;
O, do not swear, my lord of Buckingham.
O, do not slander him, for he is kind.
O, did you so? And do you remember what you said of the duke?
O, death's a great disguiser; and you may add to it.
O, cut my lace, lest my heart, cracking it,
O, cut my lace in sunder, that my pent heart
O, call back yesterday, bid time return,
O, by this count I shall be much in years
O, but, sir,
O, but they say the tongues of dying men
O, but remember this another day,
O, but impatience waiteth on true sorrow.
O, break, my heart! poor bankrupt, break at once!
O, bid me leap, rather than marry Paris,
O, belike it is the Bishop of Carlisle.
O, belike his majesty hath some intent
O, be thou Dian, and let her be Kate;
O, ay, what else?
O, ay, Curtis, ay: and therefore fire, fire; cast
O, a cherubim
O, I will to him and pluck out his eyes!
O, I have pass'd a miserable night,
O, I have bought the mansion of a love,
O, I do fear thee, Claudio; and I quake,
O, I cry you mercy; you are the singer: I will say
O, I am slain!
O, I am press'd to death through want of speaking!
O, I am fortune's fool!
O, God ye god-den.
O, God defend my soul from such deep sin!
O, 'twas the foulest deed to slay that babe,
O, 'tis the cunning livery of hell,
O, 'tis an accident that heaven provides!
O, 'tis a fault too too unpardonable!
O,
O'erthrows thy joys, friends, fortune and thy state:
O'ercome with pride, ambitious past all thinking,
O'erborne their way, consumed with fire, and took
O'er-prized all popular rate, in my false brother
O'er-cover'd quite with dead men's rattling bones,
O'er the vast world to seek a single man,
O'er sixteen years and leave the growth untried
O'er lawyers' fingers, who straight dream on fees,
O'er ladies ' lips, who straight on kisses dream,
O'er courtiers' knees, that dream on court'sies straight,
O' the dreadful thunder-claps, more momentary
O' my word, the father's son: I'll swear,'tis a
O' my word, an she knew him as well as I do, she
O' Thursday let it be: o' Thursday, tell her,
O! we are spoiled and--yonder he is: deny him,
O you beast!
O yes, I saw sweet beauty in her face,
O worthy prince, dishonour not your eye
O worthy duke,
O world, thy slippery turns! Friends now fast sworn,
O wonderful, when devils tell the truth!
O woful time!
O woful day, O woful day!
O woe! thy canopy is dust and stones;--
O woe! O woful, woful, woful day!
O villains, vipers, damn'd without redemption!
O valiant lord, the Duke of York is slain!
O upright, just, and true-disposing God,
O unbid spite! is sportful Edward come?
O true apothecary!
O tiger's heart wrapt in a woman's hide!
O thou, the earthly author of my blood,
O thou well skill'd in curses, stay awhile,
O thou untaught! what manners is in this?
O thou damnable fellow! Did not I pluck thee by the
O thou caitiff! O thou varlet! O thou wicked
O this woodcock, what an ass it is!
O this learning, what a thing it is!
O think'st thou we shall ever meet again?
O then, belike, you fancy riches more:
O the heavens!
O the heavens!
O the gods!
O that you could!
O that my death would stay these ruthful deeds!
O that he were alive, and here beholding
O that ever I was born!
O that I were a mockery king of snow,
O that I had him,
O sweet Paulina,
O son! the night before thy wedding-day
O slow-wing'd turtle! shall a buzzard take thee?
O slaves, I can tell you news,-- news, you rascals!
O slanderous world! Kate like the hazel-twig
O sir, you are not right: have you not known
O sir, the loathsomeness of them offends me more
O sir, such a life, with such a wife, were strange!
O sir, it is better to be brief than tedious. Show
O sir, I shall be hated to report it!
O sir, I do; and will repute you ever
O single-soled jest, solely singular for the
O shut the door! and when thou hast done so,
O serpent heart, hid with a flowering face!
O princely Buckingham I'll kiss thy hand,
O prince, I conjure thee, as thou believest
O prince! O cousin! husband! O, the blood is spilt
O pretty Isabella, I am pale at mine heart to see
O place and greatness! millions of false eyes
O pity, pity, gentle heaven, pity!
O piteous spectacle! O bloody times!
O passing traitor, perjured and unjust!
O noble prince, I can discover all
O noble lord, bethink thee of thy birth,
O noble fellow!
O no, my reasons are too deep and dead;
O nature, what hadst thou to do in hell,
O my sweet lady, pardon.
O my poor father!
O my most sacred lady!
O my most gracious lord,
O my lord!
O my liege,
O my good lord! Sweet Isabel, take my part;
O my dread lord,
O my dear lord,
O my dear kinsman! Prince, as thou art true,
O my brother,
O my accursed womb, the bed of death!
O mother, mother!
O monstrous, monstrous! and so falls it out
O monstrous fault, to harbour such a thought!
O monstrous beast! how like a swine he lies!
O monstrous arrogance! Thou liest, thou thread,
O momentary grace of mortal men,
O miserable thought! and more unlikely
O miserable lady! But, for me,
O mercy, God! what masquing stuff is here?
O me, the gods!
O me, O me! My child, my only life,
O me! this sight of death is as a bell,
O master, master, I have watch'd so long
O master, if you did but hear the pedlar at the
O loyal father of a treacherous son!
O love! O life! not life, but love in death!
O let no noble eye profane a tear
O lamentable day!
O lamentable day!
O lady Fortune,
O king, believe not this hard-hearted man!
O just but severe law!
O ill-dispersing wind of misery!
O how that name befits my composition!
O honey nurse, what news?
O holy friar, O, tell me, holy friar,
O ho, Petruchio! Tranio hits you now.
O ho, O ho! would't had been done!
O here's a wit of cheveril, that stretches from an
O heinous, strong and bold conspiracy!
O heavy times, begetting such events!
O heavy lightness! serious vanity!
O heavens! what stuff is here
O heavens! it cannot be.
O heavens! O wife, look how our daughter bleeds!
O heavens! O heavens!
O heavens!
O heaven, the vanity of wretched fools!
O hear me, Isabella!
O happy vantage of a kneeling knee!
O grave and good Paulina, the great comfort
O gracious duke,
O good but most unwise patricians! why,
O gentle villain, do not turn away!
O general,
O friar, the damned use that word in hell;
O fortune, fortune! all men call thee fickle:
O faithless coward! O dishonest wretch!
O excellent motion! Fellows, let's be gone.
O excellent devise! make a sop of him.
O earth, which this blood drink'st revenge his death!
O despiteful love! unconstant womankind!
O dear father,
O dear account! my life is my foe's debt.
O deadly sin! O rude unthankfulness!
O day! O day! O day! O hateful day!
O cunning enemy, that, to catch a saint,
O coward conscience, how dost thou afflict me!
O cousin, cousin!
O courteous Tybalt! honest gentleman!
O comfortable friar! where is my lord?
O churl! drunk all, and left no friendly drop
O child! O child! my soul, and not my child!
O cheerful colours! see where Oxford comes!
O calm, dishonourable, vile submission!
O brother Montague, give me thy hand:
O brave young prince! thy famous grandfather
O boy, thy father gave thee life too soon,
O bloody Richard! miserable England!
O blessed, blessed night! I am afeard.
O blessed heavens!
O bitter consequence,
O any thing, of nothing first create!
O Warwick, Warwick! that Plantagenet,
O Warwick, I do bend my knee with thine;
O Tybalt, Tybalt, the best friend I had!
O Tullus,--
O Tranio, till I found it to be true,
O Thou, whose captain I account myself,
O Romeo, Romeo, brave Mercutio's dead!
O Romeo, Romeo! wherefore art thou Romeo?
O Richard! York is too far gone with grief,
O Ratcliff, I have dream'd a fearful dream!
O Ratcliff, I fear, I fear,--
O Pomfret, Pomfret! O thou bloody prison,
O Phoebus, hadst thou never given consent
O Perdita, what have we twain forgot!
O Paulina,
O Ned, sweet Ned! speak to thy mother, boy!
O Margaret, thus 'twill be; and thou, poor soul,
O Margaret, Margaret, now thy heavy curse
O Marcius, Marcius!
O Lord, they fight! I will go call the watch.
O Lord, I could have stay'd here all the night
O Lancaster, I fear thy overthrow
O Kate, content thee; prithee, be not angry.
O Isabel, will you not lend a knee?
O Hermione,
O Harry's wife, triumph not in my woes!
O God, which this blood madest, revenge his death!
O God, that seest it, do not suffer it!
O God, she comes!
O God, O God! that e'er this tongue of mine,
O God, I have an ill-divining soul!
O God, I fear thy justice will take hold
O God's lady dear!
O God!--O nurse, how shall this be prevented?
O God! methinks it were a happy life,
O God! if my deep prayers cannot appease thee,
O God! did Romeo's hand shed Tybalt's blood?
O Dorset, speak not to me, get thee hence!
O Doricles,
O Clifford, how thy words revive my heart!
O Clifford, but bethink thee once again,
O Clifford, boisterous Clifford! thou hast slain
O Buckingham, take heed of yonder dog!
O Buckingham, now do I play the touch,
O Brakenbury, I have done those things,
Nurse?
Nurse:
Nurse:
Nurse:
Nurse:
Nurse:
Nurse:
Nurse:
Nurse:
Nurse:
Nurse:
Nurse:
Nurse:
Nurse:
Nurse:
Nurse:
Nurse:
Nurse:
Nurse:
Nurse:
Nurse:
Nurse:
Nurse:
Nurse:
Nurse:
Nurse:
Nurse:
Nurse:
Nurse:
Nurse:
Nurse:
Nurse:
Nurse:
Nurse:
Nurse:
Nurse:
Nurse:
Nurse:
Nurse:
Nurse:
Nurse:
Nurse:
Nurse:
Nurse:
Nurse:
Nurse:
Nurse:
Nurse:
Nurse:
Nurse:
Nurse:
Nurse:
Nurse:
Nurse:
Nurse:
Nurse:
Nurse:
Nurse:
Nurse:
Nurse:
Nurse:
Nurse:
Nurse:
Nurse:
Nurse:
Nurse:
Nurse:
Nurse:
Nurse:
Nurse:
Nurse:
Nurse:
Nurse:
Nurse:
Nurse:
Nurse:
Nurse:
Nurse:
Nurse:
Nurse:
Nurse:
Nurse:
Nurse:
Nurse:
Nurse:
Nurse:
Nurse:
Nurse:
Nurse:
Nurse:
Nurse, will you go with me into my closet,
Nurse, where's my daughter? call her forth to me.
Nurse, commend me to thy lady and mistress. I
Nurse! Wife! What, ho! What, nurse, I say!
Nurse! What should she do here?
Nurse!
Numbering our Ave-Maries with our beads?
Now, you companion, I'll say an errand for you:
Now, where's my wife?
Now, when the bridegroom in the morning comes
Now, what's the matter. Provost?
Now, this no more dishonours you at all
Now, they believe it; and withal whet me
Now, therefore, be it known to noble Lewis,
Now, the gods crown thee!
Now, sister, what's the comfort?
Now, sister, let us hear your firm resolve.
Now, sir, to you.
Now, sir, is your name Menenius?
Now, sir, how do you find the prisoner?
Now, sir, her father counts it dangerous
Now, sir, come on: what was done to Elbow's wife, once more?
Now, princely Buckingham, seal thou this league
Now, pray, sir, get you gone:
Now, perjured Henry! wilt thou kneel for grace,
Now, on the Sunday following, shall Bianca
Now, nurse, what news? What hast thou there? the cords
Now, now: I have not winked since I saw these
Now, my lord, what shall we do, if we perceive
Now, my fair'st friend,
Now, my Lord Hastings and Sir William Stanley,
Now, mistress, profit you in what you read?
Now, messenger, what letters or what news
Now, lords, take leave until we meet again,
Now, knock when I bid you, sirrah villain!
Now, in good time, here comes the Duke of York.
Now, in good time!
Now, in good sadness, son Petruchio,
Now, if you love me, stay.
Now, if the help of Norfolk and myself,
Now, had I not the dash of my former life in me,
Now, good sweet nurse,--O Lord, why look'st thou sad?
Now, good sir,
Now, good my lord, give me the scope of justice
Now, good my lord,
Now, good Camillo;
Now, go thy ways; thou hast tamed a curst shrew.
Now, for this night, let's harbour here in York;
Now, for my life, the knave doth court my love:
Now, for my life, she's wandering to the Tower,
Now, for my life, Hortensio fears his widow.
Now, for a while farewell, good Duke of York.
Now, for I know the Breton Richmond aims
Now, fellows, you are welcome.
Now, fellow,
Now, fair befall you! he deserved his death;
Now, fair befal thee, good Petruchio!
Now, ere the sun advance his burning eye,
Now, by the world--
Now, by the world, it is a lusty wench;
Now, by the stock and honour of my kin,
Now, by the jealous queen of heaven, that kiss
Now, by the holy mother of our Lord,
Now, by my troth, if I had been remember'd,
Now, by my seat's right royal majesty,
Now, by my sceptre's awe, I make a vow,
Now, by my mother's son, and that's myself,
Now, by my maidenhead, at twelve year old,
Now, by my holidame, here comes Katharina!
Now, by my George, my garter, and my crown,--
Now, by mine honour, by my life, by my troth,
Now, by Saint Peter's Church and Peter too,
Now, by Saint Paul, this news is bad indeed.
Now, by Saint George, I am too young for you.
Now, brother of Gloucester, Lord Hastings, and the rest,
Now, brother of Clarence, how like you our choice,
Now, brother king, farewell, and sit you fast,
Now, brother Richard, will you stand by us?
Now, brother Richard, Lord Hastings, and the rest,
Now, as I live, I will. My nobler friends,
Now, afore God--God forbid I say true!--
Now, afore God, I am so vexed, that every part about
Now, afore God, 'tis shame such wrongs are borne
Now, afore God! this reverend holy friar,
Now, Warwick, wilt thou ope the city gates,
Now, Tybalt, take the villain back again,
Now, Thomas Mowbray, do I turn to thee,
Now, Signior Petruchio, how speed you with my daughter?
Now, Richard, I am with thee here alone:
Now, Montague, sit fast; I seek for thee,
Now, Mars, I prithee, make us quick in work,
Now, Kate, I am a husband for your turn;
Now, Clifford, I have singled thee alone:
Now, Bagot, freely speak thy mind;
Now you are heir, therefore enjoy it now:
Now would I give a thousand furlongs of sea for an
Now will he sit under a medlar tree,
Now will I write letters to Angelo,--
Now will I in, to take some privy order,
Now while I speak this, holds his wife by the arm,
Now welcome more, and ten times more beloved,
Now we have shown our power,
Now took your brother's life; or, to redeem him,
Now thy proud neck bears half my burthen'd yoke;
Now thou'rt troublesome.
Now thou art gone, we have no staff, no stay.
Now therefore let us hence; and lose no hour,
Now the red pestilence strike all trades in Rome,
Now the good gods forbid
Now the gods keep you!
Now the fair goddess, Fortune,
Now the condition.
Now tell me, madam, do you love your children?
Now tell me, brother Clarence, what think you
Now take upon me, in the name of Time,
Now sways it this way, like a mighty sea
Now sways it that way, like the selfsame sea
Now swallow down that lie. For Gloucester's death,
Now stops thy spring; my sea sha$l suck them dry,
Now sir, the sound that tells what hour it is
Now shall my friend Petruchio do me grace,
Now shall he try his friends that flatter'd him.
Now seems to it. Your patience this allowing,
Now seeming sweet convert to bitter gall.
Now sadder, that you come so unprovided.
Now puts the drowsy and neglected act
Now put your shields before your hearts, and fight
Now put it, God, in the physician's mind
Now prisoner to the palsy, chastise thee
Now piercing to my soul. O, thus she stood,
Now one the better, then another best;
Now old desire doth in his death-bed lie,
Now my sworn friend and then mine enemy,
Now my soul's palace is become a prison:
Now my dear lady, hath mine enemies
Now must the world point at poor Katharina,
Now must I to the monument alone;
Now must I hide his body in some hole,
Now mark me, how I will undo myself;
Now march we hence: discharge the common sort
Now let me see if I can construe it: 'Hic ibat
Now let him speak: 'tis charity to show.
Now join your hands, and with your hands your hearts,
Now it's twenty-seven: every gash was an enemy's grave.
Now is your time: speak loud and kneel before him.
Now is this golden crown like a deep well
Now is the winter of our discontent
Now is the sun upon the highmost hill
Now is the day we long have looked for:
Now in the waist, the deck, in every cabin,
Now in his life, against your holy oath?
Now in good time, here comes the duke himself.
Now humble as the ripest mulberry
Now here a period of tumultuous broils.
Now hath my soul brought forth her prodigy,
Now for the rebels which stand out in Ireland,
Now fair befal thee and thy noble house!
Now do your duty throughly, I advise you:
Now do you know the reason of this haste.
Now death shall stop his dismal threatening sound,
Now comes the wanton blood up in your cheeks,
Now comes the sick hour that his surfeit made;
Now civil wounds are stopp'd, peace lives again:
Now cheer each other in each other's love
Now by my soul, I would it were this hour.
Now buckler falsehood with a pedigree?
Now breathe we, lords: good fortune bids us pause,
Now blessed be the great Apollo!
Now be you blest for it!
Now are they come.
Now are they but one lamp, one light, one sun.
Now are our brows bound with victorious wreaths;
Now am I seated as my soul delights,
Now York and Lancaster are reconciled.
Now Warwick, tell me, even upon thy conscience,
Now Romeo is beloved and loves again,
Now Phaethon hath tumbled from his car,
Now Margaret's curse is fallen upon my head;
Now Margaret's curse is fall'n upon our heads,
Now Lord be thanked for my good amends!
Now Jove afford you cause!
Now I'll tell you without asking: my master is the
Now I perceive thou art a reverend father;
Now I have stain'd the childhood of our joy
Now I fear thee not:
Now I come to't my lord
Now I arise:
Now He that made me knows I see thee ill;
Now God in heaven forbid!
Now God in heaven bless thee! Hark you, sir.
Nourish the cause of his awaking: I
Noting this penury, to myself I said
Notice to Escalus and Angelo,
Notice of my affair. I humbly thank you:
Nothing that I respect, my gracious lord.
Nothing so certain as your anchors, who
Nothing of him that doth fade
Nothing may give us aid.
Nothing is done to purpose. Therefore, beseech you,--
Nothing goes right: we would, and we would not.
Nothing but thunder! Merciful Heaven,
Nothing but that; move still, still so,
Nothing but sit and sit, and eat and eat!
Nothing but jollity. The gods themselves,
Nothing but his report.
Nothing but bonfires: the oracle is fulfilled; the
Note me this, good friend;
Not?
Not your gaoler, then,
Not yet, I thee beseech:
Not yet thou knowest me, and, seeing me, dost not
Not yet on summer's death, nor on the birth
Not yet enjoy'd: so tedious is this day
Not within, sir.
Not with the empty hollowness, but weight:
Not with fond shekels of the tested gold,
Not willing any longer conference,
Not what is dangerous present, but the loss
Not weighing well the end; if ever fearful
Not unlike,
Not truly in their hearts, but in their eyes.
Not to them all.
Not to the beast that would usurp their den.
Not to relent is beastly, savage, devilish.
Not to kill him, having a warrant for it; but to be
Not to his father's; I spoke with his man.
Not to be weary with you, he's in prison.
Not to be pardon'd, am content withal.
Not to be other than one thing, not moving
Not the king's crown, nor the deputed sword,
Not that I pity Henry's misery,
Not that I know.
Not that I fear to stay, but love to go
Not swear it, now I am a gentleman? Let boors and
Not step o'er the bounds of modesty.
Not so; even through the hollow eyes of death
Not so:
Not so, not so; his life is parallel'd
Not so well apparell'd
Not so hot, good sir:
Not so big as a round little worm
Not sleeping, to engross his idle body,
Not since widow Dido's time.
Not sick, although I have to do with death,
Not shine to-day! Why, what is that to me
Not she: nor doth she tempt: but it is I
Not she which burns in't. I'll not call you tyrant;
Not separated with the racking clouds,
Not scurvy, nor a temporary meddler,
Not rash like his accusers, and thus answer'd:
Not proud, you have; but thankful, that you have:
Not possible; for who shall bear your part,
Not possible.
Not poison any further.
Not out of doors!
Not only with what my revenue yielded,
Not only my success in Libya, sir,
Not one amongst us, save yourself, but says
Not of this country, though my chance is now
Not of a woman's tenderness to be,
Not now, not now.
Not my deserts, but what I will deserve:
Not mutinous in peace, yet bold in war;
Not mad, but bound more than a mad-man is;
Not like to me, or any of my kin,
Not like the fruit of such a goodly tree.
Not like a guest; so you shall pay your fees
Not like a corse; or if, not to be buried,
Not light them for themselves; for if our virtues
Not knowing how to find the open air,
Not in this heat, sir, now.
Not in my house, Lucentio; for, you know,
Not in a grave,
Not hold thee of our blood, no, not our kin,
Not his that spoils her young before her face.
Not her that chides, sir, at any hand, I pray.
Not he that sets his foot upon her back.
Not he alone shall suffer what wit can make heavy
Not having the power to do the good it would,
Not having that, which, having, makes them short.
Not for the fliers: mark me, and do the like.
Not for myself, Lord Warwick, but my son,
Not for because
Not for Bohemia, nor the pomp that may
Not fearing outward force, so shall my lungs
Not dropp'd down yet.
Not doing 't and being done: he, most humane
Not decked with diamonds and Indian stones,
Not dallying with a brace of courtezans,
Not changing heart with habit, I am still
Not body's death, but body's banishment.
Not better than he, by her own report.
Not at all, good lady:
Not as protector, steward, substitute,
Not any yet:
Not all the water in the rough rude sea
Not according to the prayer of the people, for they
Not able to produce more accusation
Not able to endure the sight of day,
Not a word: if you have any thing to say to me,
Not a word, a word; we stand upon our manners.
Not a soul
Not a resemblance, but a certainty. Yet since I see
Not a more cowardly rogue in all Bohemia: if you had
Not a hair perish'd;
Not a dump we; 'tis no time to play now.
Not Romeo, prince, he was Mercutio's friend;
Not Isabel?
Not I; unless the breath of heartsick groans,
Not I:
Not I, my lord.
Not I, believe me: you have dancing shoes
Not I, believe me: thus I'll visit her.
Not Gloucester's death, nor Hereford's banishment
Not Gaunt's rebukes, nor England's private wrongs,
Not Afric owns a serpent I abhor
Northumberland, thou ladder wherewithal
Northumberland, then present, wept to see it.
Northumberland, say thus the king returns:
Northumberland, I hold thee reverently.
Northumberland comes back from Bolingbroke.
Northampton and in Leicestershire, shalt find
Norfolk, we must have knocks; ha! must we not?
Norfolk, throw down, we bid; there is no boot.
Norfolk, so far as to mine enemy:--
Norfolk, for thee remains a heavier doom,
Nor, gentle daughter, fear you not at all.
Nor your son Dorset, Buckingham, nor you;
Nor you, as we are, loyal.
Nor yoke with him for tribune.
Nor wittingly have I infringed my vow.
Nor with thy sweets comfort his ravenous sense;
Nor wish'd to hold my peace.
Nor when thy warlike father, like a child,
Nor what is mine shall never do thee good:
Nor was not to be equall'd;'--thus your verse
Nor to be seen: my crown is called content:
Nor thou within the compass of my curse.
Nor the prevention of poor Bolingbroke
Nor that is not the lark, whose notes do beat
Nor tears nor prayers shall purchase out abuses:
Nor tackle, sail, nor mast; the very rats
Nor showing, as the manner is, his wounds
Nor shall not be the last; like silly beggars
Nor shall appear in Sicilia.
Nor read the secrets in't.
Nor posted off their suits with slow delays;
Nor ope her lap to saint-seducing gold:
Nor now my scandal, Richard, dost thou hear;
Nor none that live, I hope.
Nor none so bad, but it may well be told.
Nor no without-book prologue, faintly spoke
Nor no such men as you have reckon'd up,
Nor no one here; for curses never pass
Nor no man's lord; I have no name, no title,
Nor night nor day no rest: it is but weakness
Nor never write, regreet, nor reconcile
Nor never needed that I should entreat,
Nor never look upon each other's face;
Nor never by advised purpose meet
Nor need you, on mine honour, have to do
Nor near nor farther off, my gracious lord,
Nor much oppress'd them with great subsidies.
Nor mother, wife, nor England's counted queen.
Nor more can you distinguish of a man
Nor made to court an amorous looking-glass;
Nor is't directly laid to thee, the death
Nor is your firm resolve unknown to me,
Nor in a way so chaste, since my desires
Nor how to use your brothers brotherly,
Nor how to study for the people's welfare,
Nor how to shroud yourself from enemies?
Nor how to be contented with one wife,
Nor here provincial. My business in this state
Nor hast thou pleasure to be cross in talk,
Nor get a messenger to bring it thee,
Nor from the state nor private friends, hereafter
Nor friends nor foes, to me welcome you are:
Nor forward of revenge, though they much err'd:
Nor ever will be ruled.
Nor do I think the man of safe discretion
Nor do I thee: though I did wish him dead,
Nor did you think it folly
Nor dare to know that which I know. O sir!
Nor cowardly in retire: believe me, sirs,
Nor cheque my courage for what they can give,
Nor cheer of mind, that I was wont to have.
Nor can we lie distinguish'd by our faces
Nor can my tongue unload my heart's great burthen;
Nor by the matter which your heart prompts you,
Nor brass nor stone nor parchment bears not one,
Nor bite the lip, as angry wenches will,
Nor bide the encounter of assailing eyes,
Nor be grieved: she is of good esteem,
Nor aught so good but strain'd from that fair use
Nor arm, nor face, nor any other part
Nor any of the house of Lancaster?
Nor a musician, as I seem to be;
Nor I; my spirits are nimble.
Nor I.
Nor I.
Nor I.
Nor I, ungracious, speak unto myself
Nor I, nor any
Nor I, but stoop with patience to my fortune.
Nor I nor any man that but man is
Nor I no more of his, than you of mine.
None, sir; I have no pheasant, cock nor hen.
None, sir, none.
None, since the curfew rung.
None, man; all idle: whores and knaves.
None, but that there is so great a fever on
None, but such remedy as, to save a head,
None that I more love than myself. You are a
None should come at him.
None rare, my lord.
None good, my lord, to please you with the hearing;
None else of name and noble estimate.
None but for some and yet all different.
Nobleman:
Noble tribunes,
Noble prince,
Noble lords,
Noble lady!
Noble Sebastian,
Noble Menenius,
Noble Marcius!
Noble Aufidius,
No? you say your husband.
No? a dozen times at least.
No; then he will say 'twas done cowardly, when he wakes.
No; it is stopp'd with other flattering sounds,
No; if without more words you will get you hence.
No; if I mistake
No; he doth but mistake the truth totally.
No; for he could not so resign his crown
No; I would tell what 'twere to be a judge,
No; I will to Ireland to his majesty.
No; God forbid your grace should be forsworn.
No;
No;
No: the princess hearing of her mother's statue,
No: first shall war unpeople this my realm;
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No,'tis his kind of speech: he did not mock us.
No, wrangling woman, we'll no longer stay:
No, when my father York and Edward wept,
No, wench; it eats and sleeps and hath such senses
No, uncle; but our crosses on the way
No, to their lives bad friends were contrary.
No, to the dignity and height of honour
No, to White-Friars; there attend my coining.
No, take more:
No, so God help me, they spake not a word;
No, sir; but hear I do that he hath two,
No, sir: yet oft,
No, sir.
No, sir,'twas never my desire yet to trouble the
No, sir, nor I mean it not.
No, sir, I say his horse comes, with him on his back.
No, sir, I do not bite my thumb at you, sir, but I
No, sir, God forbid; but ashamed to kiss.
No, say'st me so, friend? What countryman?
No, pray thee.
No, pardon; 'tis a secret must be locked within the
No, not till Thursday; there is time enough.
No, not these twenty years.
No, not the expulsion of the Tarquins.
No, not that name was given me at the font,
No, not so much perdition as an hair
No, not a whit: what! I have watch'd ere now
No, not a whit: I find you passing gentle.
No, not a man comes for redress of thee;
No, not a denier. Go by, Jeronimy: go to thy cold
No, nor your manhood that durst make you stay.
No, nor to-morrow, not till I please myself.
No, nor a man that fears you less than he,
No, none, but only a repair i' the dark;
No, no; no man saw 'em.
No, no; by God's good grace his son shall reign.
No, no: this shall forbid it: lie thou there.
No, no: but all this did I know before.
No, no, no, no, no.
No, no, my lord.
No, no, my heart will burst, and if I speak:
No, no, men living flatter those that die.
No, no, he's gone.
No, no, forsooth; I dare not for my life.
No, never such an oath; nor will not now.
No, my lord.
No, my lord.
No, my lord, I'll fight.
No, my good lord; therefore be patient.
No, my good lord; it was by private message.
No, my good lord; it is more pleasing stuff.
No, my good lord;
No, my good lord.
No, my good lord, my friends are in the north.
No, my good lord, for that is not forgot
No, my good Lord; he hath forsook the court,
No, misery makes sport to mock itself:
No, mighty liege; therefore mistrust me not.
No, mighty King of France: now Margaret
No, marry; I fear thee!
No, madam; we have cull'd such necessaries
No, madam.
No, madam, no; I may not leave it so:
No, like a bank for love to lie and play on;
No, it begins again.
No, indeed.
No, indeed, will I not, Pompey; it is not the wear.
No, indeed, sir, not of a pin; you are therein in
No, in such a case the gods will not be good unto
No, in good earnest.
No, if I digg'd up thy forefathers' graves
No, holy father; throw away that thought;
No, he must not.
No, gracious lord, except I cannot do it.
No, good-faced sir; no, sweet sir.
No, good sweet sir; no, I beseech you, sir: I have
No, good sir;
No, good my lord; let's fight with gentle words
No, good madam; I will not out of doors.
No, good madam, pardon me; indeed, I will not forth.
No, for then we should be colliers.
No, first let's reason with him.
No, coz, I rather weep.
No, by the holy rood, thou know'st it well,
No, by my troth, my lord.
No, by my troth, I did not mean such love.
No, by my life.
No, but there's a woman with maid by him. You have
No, but the loss of his own royal person.
No, boy.
No, at a word, madam; indeed, I must not. I wish
No, as I am a man.
No, Warwick, thou art worthy of the sway,
No, Warwick, no; while life upholds this arm,
No, Pompey.
No, I'll not rear
No, I'll not meddle.
No, I'll not go: you hear what he hath said
No, I'll nor sell nor give him: lend you him I will
No, I'll none of you.
No, I'll die here.
No, I warrant you; I will not adventure
No, I serve not thy master.
No, I can better play the orator.
No, Harry, Harry, 'tis no land of thine;
No, God forbid that I should wish them sever'd
No, Exeter, these graces challenge grace:
No, Caius Marcius;
No, Bolingbroke: if ever I were traitor,
No, 'tis not so deep as a well, nor so wide as a
No, 'tis impossible he should escape,
No! why?  When he that is my husband now
No yellow in't, lest she suspect, as he does,
No worse than I, upon some agreement
No word to save thee.
No word like 'pardon' for kings' mouths so meet.
No wonder, sir;
No way to fly, nor strength to hold out flight:
No warmth, no breath, shall testify thou livest;
No use of metal, corn, or wine, or oil;
No truly sir; not a penny.
No sudden mean of death, though ne'er so mean,
No such jade as you, if me you mean.
No sovereignty;--
No sneaping winds at home, to make us say
No sleep close up that deadly eye of thine,
No shame but mine: I must, forsooth, be forced
No settled senses of the world can match
No richer than his honour: how he glisters
No remedy.
No remedy, but you will,--give me the office
No quarrel, but a slight contention.
No public benefit which you receive
No profit grows where is no pleasure ta'en:
No other harm but loss of such a lord.
No occupation; all men idle, all;
No noise, my lord; but needful conference
No nightingale: look, love, what envious streaks
No news so bad abroad as this at home;
No more.
No more, but that you read
No more, I say! For that I have not wash'd
No more words, we beseech you.
No more than when my daughters call thee mother.
No more than were I painted I would wish
No more than from my soul I mourn for yours.
No more talking on't; let it be done: away, away!
No more such wives; therefore, no wife: one worse,
No more shall be the neighbour to my counsel:
No more of this; it does offend my heart:
No more of him; he is a worthy man: make way, they
No more my king, for he dishonours me,
No more infected with my country's love
No more evasion:
No more amazement: tell your piteous heart
No money, on my faith, but the gleek;
No might nor greatness in mortality
No matter: get thee gone,
No matter, then, who see it;
No matter where; of comfort no man speak:
No marvel, my lord, though it affrighted you;
No marrying 'mong his subjects?
No man knows whither.
No man but prophesied revenge for it.
No lord of thine, thou haught insulting man,
No longer staying but to give the mother
No longer stay.
No longer shall you gaze on't, lest your fancy
No longer session hold upon my shame,
No longer Earl of March, but Duke of York:
No less! nay, bigger; women grow by men.
No less importing than our general good,
No joyful tongue gave him his welcome home:
No impediment between, but that you must
No if thou dost say 'no' to my demand.
No humble suitors press to speak for right,
No heart among you? or had you tongues to cry
No harm.
No hare, sir; unless a hare, sir, in a lenten pie,
No good at all that I can do for him;
No foot shall stir.
No father owning it,--which is, indeed,
No farther than the Tower; and, as I guess,
No faith, no honesty in men; all perjured,
No excuse current, but to hang thyself.
No earthly mean to save him, but that either
No doubt, shall then and till then govern well.
No doubt, no doubt; and so shall Clarence too;
No doubt, no doubt; O, 'tis a parlous boy;
No doubt, my lord.
No doubt well bring it to a happy issue.
No doubt the murderous knife was dull and blunt
No doubt but he hath got a quiet catch.
No deeper wrinkles yet? hath sorrow struck
No court in Europe is too good for thee;
No countermand; no such example have we:
No cock of mine; you crow too like a craven.
No ceremony that to great ones 'longs,
No cause!
No bourn 'twixt his and mine, yet were it true
No better.
No better than a poor and loathsome beggar:
No better term than this,--thou art a villain.
No bending knee will call thee Caesar now,
No beast so fierce but knows some touch of pity.
No barricado for a belly; know't;
Nips youth i' the head and follies doth emmew
Nine, sir; Overdone by the last.
Nine! Come hither to me, Master Froth. Master
Nine changes of the watery star hath been
Nimble mischance, that art so light of foot,
Nightly she sings on yon pomegranate-tree:
Nightly shall be to strew thy grave and weep.
Night's candles are burnt out, and jocund day
Nicanor? no.
Next to thyself and my young rover, he's
News from Verona!--How now, Balthasar!
New woo my queen, recall the good Camillo,
Never?
Never, my lord; therefore prepare to die.
Never, but once.
Never, Paulina; so be blest my spirit!
Never, O never shall I see more joy!
Never was seen so black a day as this:
Never to woo her no more, but do forswear her,
Never to marry with her though she would entreat:
Never to marry but by my free leave?
Never to lie and take his natural rest
Never till then.
Never sound more! when drums and trumpets shall
Never hung poison on a fouler toad.
Never did captive with a freer heart
Never crave him; we are definitive.
Never came poison from so sweet a place.
Never believe me. Both are my kinsmen:
Neither.
Neither.
Neither, my lord.
Neither, fair saint, if either thee dislike.
Neither the king, nor he that loves him best,
Neither supreme, how soon confusion
Neighbours, God speed!
Neighbours and friends, though bride and
Neighbour, well met: whither away so fast?
Neglected my sworn duty in that case.
Neglect the visitation of my friends.
Needs must I like it well: I weep for joy
Need and oppression starveth in thine eyes,
Nearer in bloody thoughts, but not in blood,
Near twenty years ago, in Genoa,
Near to the town of Leicester, as we learn
Near to the king in blood, and near in love
Ne'er through an arch so hurried the blown tide,
Ne'er spurr'd their coursers at the trumpet's sound;
Ne'er saw her match since first the world begun.
Ne'er may he live to see a sunshine day,
Ne'er issued from his blood. Take my defiance!
Nay; I beseech you, mark it well.
Nay. but his taunts.
Nay,'tis true.
Nay, your wit will not so soon out as another man's
Nay, you shall have no hat.
Nay, women are frail too.
Nay, whom they shall obey, and love thee too,
Nay, wherefore should they, since that I myself
Nay, when? strike now, or else the iron cools.
Nay, this way, man: see where the huntsmen stand.
Nay, these are almost thoroughly persuaded;
Nay, then, 'tis time to stir him from his trance.
Nay, then,
Nay, then you lie: it is the blessed sun.
Nay, then she must needs come.
Nay, then indeed she cannot choose but hate thee,
Nay, then I see that Edward needs must down.
Nay, that's not so.
Nay, that's a mock: I have seen a lady's nose
Nay, that you shall not: since you have begun,
Nay, temperately; your promise.
Nay, tarry; I'll go along with thee
Nay, take me with thee, good sweet Exeter:
Nay, take away this scolding crookback rather.
Nay, stay; lets hear the orisons he makes.
Nay, stay, Sir John, awhile, and we'll debate
Nay, stay not to expostulate, make speed;
Nay, speak thy mind; and let him ne'er speak more
Nay, sit, nay, sit, good cousin Capulet;
Nay, rather, wilt thou draw thy forces hence,
Nay, rather, good my lords, be second to me:
Nay, rather, every tedious stride I make
Nay, prithee, dispatch: the gentleman is half
Nay, pray, be patient: if you refuse your aid
Nay, now dispatch; 'twas I that stabb'd young Edward,
Nay, nothing; all is said
Nay, not so neither: but I take him to be the
Nay, not as one would say, healthy; but so sound as
Nay, never bear me hence, dispatch me here,
Nay, my good soldier, up;
Nay, mark how Lewis stamps, as he were nettled:
Nay, look you, sir, he tells you flatly what his
Nay, look not big, nor stamp, nor stare, nor fret;
Nay, let us share thy thoughts, as thou dost ours.
Nay, let them go, a couple of quiet ones.
Nay, let them follow:
Nay, let me have't; I long.
Nay, keep your place.
Nay, it's no matter for that.
Nay, it is ten times true; for truth is truth
Nay, it is ten times strange.
Nay, if thy wits run the wild-goose chase, I have
Nay, if thou be that princely eagle's bird,
Nay, if there be no remedy for it, but that you will
Nay, if the devil have given thee proofs for sin,
Nay, if I turn mine eyes upon myself,
Nay, hear you, Kate: in sooth you scape not so.
Nay, hear me, Isabel.
Nay, he's a flower; in faith, a very flower.
Nay, he will answer the letter's master, how he
Nay, he is dead; and slain by Edward's hand.
Nay, hated too, worse than the great'st infection
Nay, good, be patient.
Nay, good my lord, be not angry.
Nay, good my lord, be not afraid of shadows.
Nay, good goose, bite not.
Nay, godded me, indeed. Their latest refuge
Nay, go not from us thus.
Nay, go not from me; I will follow thee.
Nay, gentlemen, prepare not to be gone;
Nay, gentle Romeo, we must have you dance.
Nay, for a need, thus far come near my person:
Nay, faith, I'll see the church o' your back; and
Nay, do not say, 'stand up;'
Nay, do not pause; for I did kill King Henry,
Nay, come, sit down; then on.
Nay, come, Kate, come; you must not look so sour.
Nay, come, I pray thee, speak; good, good nurse, speak.
Nay, come away.
Nay, by Saint Jamy,
Nay, but, fellow, fellow,--
Nay, but you will?
Nay, but thou shalt stay too: I would my son
Nay, but speak not maliciously.
Nay, but my letters, by this means being there
Nay, but it is not so.
Nay, but hear me.
Nay, but hear me.
Nay, but hear me.
Nay, but I know 'tis so: I saw him arrested, saw
Nay, bear three daughters: by your leave I speak it,
Nay, be thou sure I'll well requite thy kindness,
Nay, as they dare. I will bite my thumb at them;
Nay, and you shall hear some.
Nay, an there were two such, we should have none
Nay, all of you that stand and look upon,
Nay, I'll not warrant that; for I can speak
Nay, I'll conjure too.
Nay, I will win my wager better yet
Nay, I will give thee a kiss: now pray thee, love, stay.
Nay, I told you your son was well beloved in Padua.
Nay, I knew by his face that there was something in
Nay, I hear nothing: his mother and his wife
Nay, I have ta'en you napping, gentle love,
Nay, I have offer'd all, I have no more;
Nay, I do bear a brain:--but, as I said,
Nay, I dare not swear it.
Nay, I am the very pink of courtesy.
Nay, 'tis no matter, sir, what he 'leges in Latin.
Nay! prithee, woman,--
Nay then, I will not: you shall have the mustard,
Nay then you jest, and now I well perceive
Nay Warwick, single out some other chase;
Naught to do with mistress Shore! I tell thee, fellow,
Nature teaches beasts to know their friends.
Nature dispenses with the deed so far
Nathaniel's coat, sir, was not fully made,
Namely, to Hastings, Derby, Buckingham;
Namely to appeal each other of high treason.
Name of mercy, when was this, boy?
Name not the god, thou boy of tears!
Name it, fair cousin.
Name him.
NURSE:
NORTHUMBERLAND:
NORTHUMBERLAND:
NORTHUMBERLAND:
NORTHUMBERLAND:
NORTHUMBERLAND:
NORTHUMBERLAND:
NORTHUMBERLAND:
NORTHUMBERLAND:
NORTHUMBERLAND:
NORTHUMBERLAND:
NORTHUMBERLAND:
NORTHUMBERLAND:
NORTHUMBERLAND:
NORTHUMBERLAND:
NORTHUMBERLAND:
NORTHUMBERLAND:
NORTHUMBERLAND:
NORTHUMBERLAND:
NORTHUMBERLAND:
NORTHUMBERLAND:
NORTHUMBERLAND:
NORTHUMBERLAND:
NORTHUMBERLAND:
NORTHUMBERLAND:
NORTHUMBERLAND:
NORTHUMBERLAND:
NORTHUMBERLAND:
NORTHUMBERLAND:
NORTHUMBERLAND:
NORTHUMBERLAND:
NORTHUMBERLAND:
NORTHUMBERLAND:
NORTHUMBERLAND:
NORTHUMBERLAND:
NORTHUMBERLAND:
NORTHUMBERLAND:
NORTHUMBERLAND:
NORTHUMBERLAND:
NORTHUMBERLAND:
NORTHUMBERLAND:
NORTHUMBERLAND:
NORTHUMBERLAND:
NORTHUMBERLAND:
NORTHUMBERLAND:
NORTHUMBERLAND:
NORTHUMBERLAND:
NORTHUMBERLAND:
NORTHUMBERLAND:
NORTHUMBERLAND:
NORTHUMBERLAND:
NORTHUMBERLAND:
NORTHUMBERLAND:
NORTHUMBERLAND:
NORFOLK:
NORFOLK:
NORFOLK:
NORFOLK:
NORFOLK:
NORFOLK:
NORFOLK:
NORFOLK:
NORFOLK:
NORFOLK:
NORFOLK:
NICHOLAS:
NATHANIEL:
NATHANIEL:
NATHANIEL:
NATHANIEL:
Myself, a prince by fortune of my birth,
Myself your loyal servant, your physician,
Myself your loyal servant, or endure
Myself to see the issue.
Myself to be a marvellous proper man.
Myself thus alter'd with 't.
Myself in person will straight follow you.
Myself have often heard him say and swear
Myself disposed to sleep.
Myself disgraced, and the nobility
Myself condemned and myself excused.
Myself and my good cousin Buckingham
Myself am struck in years, I must confess;
Myself am moved to woo thee for my wife.
Myself I throw, dread sovereign, at thy foot.
My wretchedness unto a row of pins,
My work hath yet not warm'd me: fare you well:
My words would bandy her to my sweet love,
My words express my purpose.
My words disbench'd you not.
My words are dull; O, quicken them with thine!
My women may be with me; for you see
My will to her consent is but a part;
My wife, sir, whom I detest before heaven and your honour,--
My wife's a hobby-horse, deserves a name
My wife to France: from whence, set forth in pomp,
My wife is slippery? If thou wilt confess,
My wife is nothing; nor nothing have these nothings,
My wife comes foremost; then the honour'd mould
My widow says, thus she conceives her tale.
My weaved-up folly? Gentle Northumberland,
My waters; on the earth, and not on him.
My waned state for Henry's regal crown.
My vouch against you, and my place i' the state,
My voice is now the king's, my looks mine own.
My very worthy cousin, fairly met!
My very friend, hath got his mortal hurt
My unsoil'd name, the austereness of my life,
My uncles both are slain in rescuing me;
My uncle Rivers talk'd how I did grow
My unblown flowers, new-appearing sweets!
My trusty servant, well approved in all,
My true love's passion: therefore pardon me,
My true Paulina,
My traffic is sheets; when the kite builds, look to
My tongue will tell the anger of my heart,
My tongue to such a pace:--'Look, sir, my wounds!
My tongue should to thy ears not name my boys
My tongue hath but a heavier tale to say.
My tongue could never learn sweet smoothing word;
My tongue cleave to my roof within my mouth
My title's good, and better far than his.
My throat to thee and to thy ancient malice;
My thoughts are minutes; and with sighs they jar
My tears shall wipe away these bloody marks;
My tears gainsay; for every word I speak,
My tale provokes that question. Dear, they durst not,
My sword, I say! Old Montague is come,
My swift command, though I with death and with
My surname, Coriolanus: the painful service,
My subjects for a pair of carved saints
My strong imagination sees a crown
My strength can give you: then no more remains,
My stooping duty tenderly shall show.
My spirits, as in a dream, are all bound up.
My sovereign, with the loving citizens,
My sovereign mistress clouded so, without
My sovereign liege, no letters; and few words,
My sovereign liege, I do beseech your majesty
My soul to heaven, my blood upon your heads!
My soul the father; and these two beget
My soul is heavy, and I fain would sleep.
My soul flies through these wounds to seek out Thee.
My sons, God knows what hath bechanced them:
My son is lost and, in my rate, she too,
My son George Stanley is frank'd up in hold:
My sisterly remorse confutes mine honour,
My sighing breast shall be thy funeral bell;
My sceptre for a palmer's walking staff,
My royal father, cheer these noble lords
My revenge properly, my remission lies
My remedy is then, to pluck it out.
My rage is gone;
My queen and son are gone to France for aid;
My quarrel and this English queen's are one.
My proud heart sues, and prompts my tongue to speak.
My prisoner? or my guest? by your dread 'Verily,'
My princely father then had wars in France
My pretty cousins, you mistake me much;
My prettiest Perdita!
My present vengeance taken: 'shrew my heart,
My prayers on the adverse party fight;
My praises made thee first a soldier, so,
My power? Alas, I doubt--
My poverty, but not my will, consents.
My plight requires it. Do not weep, good fools;
My pity hath been balm to heal their wounds,
My people did expect my hence departure
My patience here is touch'd. I do perceive
My part thereof that I have done to her.
My parks, my walks, my manors that I had.
My parasite, my soldier, statesman, all:
My other self, my counsel's consistory,
My oracle, my prophet! My dear cousin,
My only love sprung from my only hate!
My oil-dried lamp and time-bewasted light
My nose that bled, or foil'd some debile wretch.--
My noble uncle, do you know the cause?
My noble steed, known to the camp, I give him,
My noble queen, let former grudges pass,
My noble masters, hear me speak.
My noble lords and cousins all, good morrow.
My native English, now I must forego:
My name, dear saint, is hateful to myself,
My name is call'd Vincentio; my dwelling Pisa;
My name is Thomas Mowbray, Duke of Norfolk;
My name is Caius Marcius, who hath done
My name hath touch'd your ears it is Menenius.
My name be blotted from the book of life,
My naked weapon is out: quarrel, I will back thee.
My mother, and my nurse, that bears me yet!
My mirth it much displeased, but pleased my woe.
My mind will never grant what I perceive
My mind presumes, for his own good and ours.
My mind presageth happy gain and conquest.
My mind is changed, sir, my mind is changed.
My mind hath been as big as one of yours,
My mind exceeds the compass of her wheel.
My mildness hath allay'd their swelling griefs,
My mild entreaty shall not make you guilty.
My mercy dried their water-flowing tears;
My men should call me 'lord:' I am your goodman.
My mate, that's never to be found again,
My master's.
My master knows not but I am gone hence;
My master is grown quarrelsome. I should knock
My marvel and my message. To your court
My manors, rents, revenues I forego;
My manly eyes did scorn an humble tear;
My loving lord, I take my leave of you;
My love, forbear to fawn upon their frowns:
My love till death, my humble thanks, my prayers;
My love as deep; the more I give to thee,
My love and fear glued many friends to thee;
My lords, when you shall know--as in this rage,
My lords, we were forewarned of your coming,
My lords, look where the sturdy rebel sits,
My lords, forbear this talk; here comes the king.
My lords, before it pleased his majesty
My lords, at once: the cause why we are met
My lords of England, let me tell you this:
My lord?
My lord?
My lord?
My lord?
My lord?
My lord?
My lord?
My lord; I do confess I ne'er was married;
My lord: he doth entreat your grace;
My lord.
My lord,--
My lord, your sorrow was too sore laid on,
My lord, your son was gone before I came.
My lord, your promise for the earldom,--
My lord, you told me you would tell the rest,
My lord, you shall o'er-rule my mind for once.
My lord, you nod; you do not mind the play.
My lord, you do me shameful injury,
My lord, wise men ne'er sit and wail their woes,
My lord, will't please you to fall to?
My lord, will't please you pass along?
My lord, whoever journeys to the Prince,
My lord, we'll do it throughly.
My lord, we must entreat the time alone.
My lord, this is one Lucio's information against me.
My lord, this argues conscience in your grace;
My lord, there needs no such apology:
My lord, the mind of Bolingbroke is changed:
My lord, the mayor of London comes to greet you.
My lord, the enemy is past the marsh
My lord, the army of the Duke of Buckingham--
My lord, stand back, and let the coffin pass.
My lord, some two days since I saw the prince,
My lord, she may be a punk; for many of them are
My lord, no leave take I; for I will ride,
My lord, my answer is--to Lancaster;
My lord, most villanously; believe it.
My lord, in the base court he doth attend
My lord, here comes the rascal I spoke of; here with
My lord, her wits, I fear me, are not firm:
My lord, he fears you mean no good to him.
My lord, he doth deny to come.
My lord, good morrow; good morrow, Catesby:
My lord, dispatch; read o'er these articles.
My lord, cheer up your spirits: our foes are nigh,
My lord, I'll tell my lady you will come.
My lord, I would that Thursday were to-morrow.
My lord, I warrant you we will play our part,
My lord, I must confess I know this woman:
My lord, I like not of this flight of Edward's;
My lord, I know him; 'tis a meddling friar;
My lord, I know a discontented gentleman,
My lord, I hear the Marquis Dorset's fled
My lord, I have from Oxford sent to London
My lord, I had forgot to tell your lordship,
My lord, I dare not: Sir Pierce of Exton, who
My lord, I claim your gift, my due by promise,
My lord, I am more amazed at his dishonour
My lord, 'tis nothing.
My lord, 'tis but begun.
My lord,
My lord,
My lord,
My lord,
My lord,
My lord,
My lord's almost so far transported that
My lord!
My lord!
My lord!
My lord the king, the king!
My lord should to the heavens be contrary,
My lord protector needs will have it so.
My lord of Salisbury, we have stay'd ten days,
My lord of Ely!
My lord it shall be done.
My lord and you were then at Mantua:--
My lord and sovereign, and thy vowed friend,
My lord and husband!
My lord Sebastian,
My life, sir! how, I pray? for that goes hard.
My life were better ended by their hate,
My life thou shalt command, but not my shame:
My life stands in the level of your dreams,
My life may last to answer.
My life and services.
My liege, the wound that bred this meeting here
My liege, the Duke of Buckingham is taken;
My liege, one word.
My liege, old Gaunt commends him to your majesty.
My liege, it is young Henry, earl of Richmond.
My liege, in Kent the Guildfords are in arms;
My liege, I'll knock once more to summon them.
My liberty.
My lessons make no music in three parts.
My leisure serves me, pensive daughter, now.
My legs can keep no measure in delight,
My leash unwillingly.
My last good deed was to entreat his stay:
My language! heavens!
My land amounts not to so much in all:
My ladies both, good day to you.
My joy of liberty is half eclipsed.
My intercession likewise steads my foe.
My inch of taper will be burnt and done,
My ill suspicion. This is your son-in-law,
My husband lost his life to get the crown;
My husband lives, that Tybalt would have slain;
My husband is on earth, my faith in heaven;
My husband bids me; now I will unmask.
My husband and my lord, my lord and husband;
My household stuff, my field, my barn,
My house and welcome on their pleasure stay.
My horse, my ox, my ass, my any thing;
My horse to yours, no.
My holy sir, none better knows than you
My heart, sweet boy, shall be thy sepulchre,
My heart will sigh when I miscall it so,
My heart will be a burthen to me. Leave me,
My heart this covenant makes, my hand thus seals it.
My heart is ten times lighter than my looks.
My heart is not confederate with my hand.
My heart is great; but it must break with silence,
My heart for anger burns; I cannot brook it.
My heart as great, my reason haply more,
My hazards still have been your solace: and
My hate to Marcius: where I find him, were it
My haste may not admit it;
My hangings all of Tyrian tapestry;
My hand is ready; may it do him ease.
My hair doth stand on end to hear her curses.
My guilt be on my head, and there an end.
My great profaneness 'gainst thine oracle!
My grave is like to be my wedding bed.
My grandam told me he was murdered there.
My grained ash an hundred times hath broke
My gracious uncle--
My gracious uncle, let me know my fault:
My gracious sovereign?
My gracious sovereign, on the western coast
My gracious sovereign, now in Devonshire,
My gracious sovereign, my most loving liege!
My gracious silence, hail!
My gracious lord,--
My gracious lord, here in the parliament
My gracious lord, I'll tell him what you say.
My gracious lord, I tender you my service,
My gracious lord, I come but for mine own.
My gracious lord, Henry your foe is taken,
My gracious lord,
My gracious liege, this too much lenity
My gracious lady, go;
My gracious father, by your kingly leave,
My gorgeous palace for a hermitage,
My good lords both, with all the heed I may.
My good Camillo,
My gentle Marcius, worthy Caius, and
My general cares not for you. Back, I say, go; lest
My gay apparel for an almsman's gown,
My friends of noble touch, when I am forth,
My friend, I spy some pity in thy looks:
My friend Polixenes: which had been done,
My fortunes to your service, which are here
My fortunes and my friends at stake required
My foreward shall be drawn out all in length,
My foot my tutor? Put thy sword up, traitor;
My first son.
My fingers itch. Wife, we scarce thought us blest
My figured goblets for a dish of wood,
My fear to hope, my sorrows unto joys,
My favour here begins to warp. Not speak?
My father, being the Earl of Warwick's man,
My father's of a better nature, sir,
My father's loss, the weakness which I feel,
My father's goods are all distrain'd and sold,
My father's death--
My father's bears more toward the market-place;
My father will grant precious things as trifles.
My father of this business.
My father hath a power; inquire of him
My father dead, my fortune lives for me;
My father came untimely to his death?
My father and my grandfather were kings,
My father Capulet will have it so;
My fan, Peter.
My falcon now is sharp and passing empty;
My fair rose wither: yet look up, behold,
My fair Bianca, bid my father welcome,
My eye's too quick, my heart o'erweens too much,
My evils conjured to remembrance and
My elder brother, the Lord Aubrey Vere,
My ears have not yet drunk a hundred words
My dukedom to a beggarly denier,
My dreams presage some joyful news at hand:
My dismal scene I needs must act alone.
My death's sad tale may yet undeaf his ear.
My dear?
My dear-loved cousin, and my dearer lord?
My dear wife's estimate, her womb's increase,
My daughter's mother thinks it with her soul.
My daughter he hath wedded: I will die,
My daughter Katharina is to be married:
My dangerous cousin, let your mother in:
My damned son, which thy two sweet sons smother'd.
My dainty duck, my dear-a?
My dagger, little cousin? with all my heart.
My crown is in my heart, not on my head;
My crown I am; but still my griefs are mine:
My country's good with a respect more tender,
My conscience tells me he is lawful king.
My conscience hath a thousand several tongues,
My conceal'd lady to our cancell'd love?
My comfort is that heaven will take our souls
My child? away with't! Even thou, that hast
My child is yet a stranger in the world;
My charity is outrage, life my shame
My chamber-councils, wherein, priest-like, thou
My careless father fondly gave away'?
My care is loss of care, by old care done;
My cake is dough; but I'll in among the rest,
My cabin where I lay; thrice bow'd before me,
My business, sir, is to the king.
My business is a word or two with Claudio.
My brother's love, the devil, and my rage.
My brother was too careless of his charge.
My brother slew no man; his fault was thought,
My brother did love Juliet,
My brother and thy uncle, call'd Antonio--
My brother Montague shall post to London:
My brother Gloucester, plain well-meaning soul,
My breast can better brook thy dagger's point
My brave spirit!
My brain I'll prove the female to my soul,
My boy shall fetch the scrivener presently.
My bounty is as boundless as the sea,
My bosom's lord sits lightly in his throne;
My books and instruments shall be my company,
My body up to shame.
My body shall make good upon this earth,
My blood, my want of strength, my sick heart shows.
My blood for your rude brawls doth lie a-bleeding;
My blemishes in them, and so still think of
My birth-place hate I, and my love's upon
My best beloved and approved friend,
My best and freshest men; served his designments
My best Camillo! We must disguise ourselves.
My banquet is to close our stomachs up,
My back o' t' other side,--O, my back, my back!
My babes were destined to a fairer death,
My ashes, as the phoenix, may bring forth
My affections
My acts, decrees, and statutes I deny:
My absolute power and place here in Vienna,
My absence doth neglect no great designs,
My Lord, I have consider'd in my mind
My Lord!
My Lord of York will still be cross in talk:
My Lord of Westminster, be it your charge
My Lord of Warwick, hear me but one word:
My Lord of Surrey, why look you so sad?
My Lord of Somerset, what youth is that,
My Lord of Somerset, at my request,
My Lord of Oxford, you, Sir William Brandon,
My Lord of Norfolk,--
My Lord of Hereford, my message is to you.
My Lord of Hereford here, whom you call king,
My Lord of Gloucester, in those busy days
My Lord of Gloucester, I have too long borne
My Lord of Buckingham, if my weak oratory
My Lord Northumberland, see them dispatch'd.
My Lord Fitzwater, I do remember well
My Lord Aumerle, is Harry Hereford arm'd?
My Lord Aumerle, I know your daring tongue
My Lady Grey his wife, Clarence, 'tis she
Mutually.
Muster'd my soldiers, gather'd flocks of friends,
Must, as a foreign recreant, be led
Must to Corioli back: send us to Rome
Must these have voices, that can yield them now
Must strike her sail and learn awhile to serve
Must stead us all and me amongst the rest,
Must needs appear offence.
Must it be violent, and as he does conceive
Must it be great, and as his person's mighty,
Must help you more than you are hurt by me.
Must he needs die?
Must have their voices; neither will they bate
Must have a word anon. Lay hold on him.
Must give this cur the lie: and his own notion--
Must get a father, call'd 'supposed Vincentio;'
Must gently be preserved, cherish'd, and kept:
Must either punish me, not being believed,
Must die to-morrow! O injurious love,
Must climb a bird's nest soon when it is dark:
Must by us both be spent most preciously.
Must by the roots be hewn up yet ere night.
Must bear my beating to his grave--shall join
Must be my convoy in the secret night.
Must all determine here?
Must I with base tongue give my noble heart
Must I then do't to them?
Must I receive, whose every word deserves
Must I not serve a long apprenticehood
Must I go show them my unbarbed sconce?
Must I do so? and must I ravel out
Must Edward fall, which peril heaven forfend!
Musicians, O, musicians, 'Heart's ease, Heart's
Musician:
Music, awake her; strike!
Music and poesy use to quicken you;
Murdering impossibility, to make
Murder, stem murder, in the direst degree;
Murder'd her kinsman. O, tell me, friar, tell me,
Murder thy breath in the middle of a word,
Murder her brothers, and then marry her!
Mum.
Muddy, ill-seeming, thick, bereft of beauty;
Much more to be thus opposite with heaven,
Much more than death: do not say 'banishment.'
Much more a shrew of thy impatient humour.
Much is your sorrow; mine ten times so much.
Much comfort in't; says 'My poor prisoner,
Much about cock-shut time, from troop to troop
Mowbray, impartial are our eyes and ears:
Moved! in good time: let him that moved you hither
Move them no more by crossing their high will.
Mounted upon a hot and fiery steed
Mount, mount, my soul! thy seat is up on high;
Mount you, my lord; towards Berwick post amain:
Mother, I am going to the market-place;
Most wrongfully accused your substitute,
Most worthy madam,
Most willingly;
Most welcome!
Most valour, spoke not for them: the accusation
Most true, if ever truth were pregnant by
Most sweet voices!
Most sure, the goddess
Most strange, but yet most truly, will I speak:
Most sorry, you have broken from his liking
Most royal sir, from thence; from him, whose daughter
Most reverend and grave elders, to desire
Most ponderous and substantial things!
Most piteous to be wild, I have dispatch'd in post
Most palates theirs. They choose their magistrate,
Most notedly, sir.
Most noble sir,
Most noble sir,
Most miserable hour that e'er time saw
Most mighty sovereign,
Most mighty prince, my Lord Northumberland,
Most mighty liege, and my companion peers,
Most manifest, and not denied by himself.
Most lamentable day, most woful day,
Most incident to maids; bold oxlips and
Most ignorant of what he's most assured,
Most holy sir, I thank you.
Most goddess-like prank'd up: but that our feasts
Most dignifies the haver: if it be,
Most detestable death, by thee beguil'd,
Most dear'st! my collop! Can thy dam?--may't be?--
Most dangerously you have with him prevail'd,
Most bounteous sir,
Most audible, even from his proper tongue,
Mortality and mercy in Vienna
Mortal, to cut it off; to cure it, easy.
Moreover, urge his hateful luxury
More, she's a traitor and Camillo is
More worthier than their voices. They know the corn
More worth than any man; men, that she is
More wonderful, when angels are so angry.
More widows in them of this business' making
More welcome is the stroke of death to me
More torches here! Come on then, let's to bed.
More to know
More than your lord's departure weep not: more's not seen;
More than you doubt the change on't, that prefer
More than with ruthless waves, with sands and rocks.
More than with parting from my lord the king.
More than was ever man's, I would not prize them
More than to Richmond?  for the selfsame heaven
More than thy fame and envy. Fix thy foot.
More than thou hast, and with it joy thy life;
More than the nature of a brother's love!
More than the instant army we can make,
More than the infant that is born to-night
More than the common blocks: not noted, is't,
More than prince of cats, I can tell you. O, he is
More than our brother is our chastity.
More than my dancing soul doth celebrate
More than my brother: 'Ay,' quoth my uncle
More than my body's parting with my soul!
More than mistress of
More than it is ere foul sin gathering head
More than his singularity, he goes
More than a wild exposture to each chance
More than I seem, and less than I was born to:
More than I know the sound of Marcius' tongue
More than I have said, loving countrymen,
More straining on for plucking back, not following
More sins for this forgiveness prosper may.
More rich for what they yielded.
More quaint, more pleasing, nor more commendable:
More pleasant, pithy and effectual,
More pity that the eagle should be mew'd,
More penitence than done trespass: at the last,
More of him anon. There is written in your brow,
More nor less to others paying
More noble blows than ever thou wise words;
More monstrous standing by: whereof I reckon
More mild, but yet more harmful, kind in hatred:
More light, you knaves; and turn the tables up,
More light and light; more dark and dark our woes!
More learned than the ears--waving thy head,
More honourable state, more courtship lives
More homely than thy state. For thee, fond boy,
More holy and profound, than mine own life,
More health and happiness betide my liege
More hath he spent in peace than they in wars.
More grave and wrinkled than the aims and ends
More free than he is jealous.
More fit to do another such offence
More fierce and more inexorable far
More fearful, is deliver'd.
More direful hap betide that hated wretch,
More cruel to your good report than grateful
More criminal in thee than it,--so thou
More bound to 's mother; yet here he lets me prate
More bitterly could I expostulate,
More are men's ends mark'd than their lives before:
More after our commandment than as guided
Mopsa must be your mistress: marry, garlic,
Montague, Montague, for Lancaster!
Montague's men from the wall, and thrust his maids
Money's a medler.
Monday, my lord,
Monday! ha, ha! Well, Wednesday is too soon,
Mock not my senseless conjuration, lords:
Misused ere used, by time misused o'erpast.
Mistrust it not: for, sure, AEacides
Mistress, your father prays you leave your books
Mistress, what's your opinion of your sister?
Mistress, what cheer?
Mistress, we have.
Mistress, how mean you that?
Mistress! what, mistress! Juliet! fast, I warrant her, she:
Mistress Overdone.
Mistress Kate Keepdown was with child by him in the
Mistress Elbow, being, as I say, with child, and
Mistress Bianca, bless you with such grace
Misthink the king and not be satisfied!
Mistake not, uncle, further than you should.
Mistake no more: I am not Licio,
Mistake me not; I speak but as I find.
Mistake me not--to save my life, for if
Mistake me not, my lord; 'tis not my meaning
Mist-like, infold me from the search of eyes.
Misshapen in the conduct of them both,
Misguide thy opposers' swords! Bold gentleman,
Misconstrue us in him and wail his death.
Miscarried by my fault, let my old life
Mis-shapen chaos of well-seeming forms!
Minion, thou liest. Is't not Hortensio?
Mine, such as fill my heart with unhoped joys.
Mine, full of sorrow and heart's discontent.
Mine were the very cipher of a function,
Mine own, nor any thing to any, if
Mine own desert.
Mine issue of your blood upon your daughter
Mine innocency and Saint George to thrive!
Mine honour lives when his dishonour dies,
Mine honour is my life; both grow in one:
Mine honour for his truth: who being so heighten'd,
Mine eyes to sweat compassion. But, good sir,
Mine eyes are full of tears, I cannot see:
Mine enemy has more power.
Mine ears against your suits are stronger than
Mine ear is open and my heart prepared;
Mine ear hath tempted judgment to desire.
Mine boy? not till King Henry be dead.
Mine arms about that body, where against
Might you dispense with your leisure, I would by and
Might thus have stood begetting wonder as
Might there not be a charity in sin
Might stop our countryman.
Might in the times to come have ta'en revenge,
Might in the ground be closed up in rest!
Might have found easy fines: but there to end
Might from our quiet confines fright fair peace
Might come to me again. Who's there?
Might I but through my prison once a day
Might I a son and daughter now have look'd on,
Mi perdonato, gentle master mine,
Methoughts that I had broken from the Tower,
Methought their souls, whose bodies Richard murder'd,
Methought the souls of all that I had murder'd
Methought that Gloucester stumbled; and, in falling,
Methought he bore him in the thickest troop
Methought I saw a thousand fearful wrecks;
Methought I had; and often did I strive
Methinks, 'tis prize enough to be his son.
Methinks thou speak'st not well.
Methinks these peers of France should smile at that.
Methinks the truth should live from age to age,
Methinks the power that Edward hath in field
Methinks our garments are now as fresh as when we
Methinks he looks as though he were in love:
Methinks a woman of this valiant spirit
Methinks a father
Methinks King Richard and myself should meet
Methinks I so should term them, and the reverence
Methinks I see thee, now thou art below,
Methinks I see him stamp thus, and call thus:
Methinks I play as I have seen them do
Methinks I hear hither your husband's drum,
Methinks I am a prophet new inspired
Messenger:
Messenger:
Messenger:
Messenger:
Messenger:
Messenger:
Messenger:
Messenger:
Messenger:
Messenger:
Messenger:
Messenger:
Messenger:
Messenger:
Messenger:
Messenger:
Messenger:
Messenger:
Messenger:
Messenger:
Messenger:
Messenger:
Messenger:
Messenger:
Messenger:
Messenger:
Messenger:
Messenger:
Messenger:
Messenger:
Messenger:
Messenger:
Messenger:
Merry or sad shall't be?
Merely, my lord.
Merely in hate, 'gainst any of us all,
Merely awry: when he did love his country,
Mercy to thee would prove itself a bawd:
Mercy is not itself, that oft looks so;
Mercy but murders, pardoning those that kill.
Mercutio, thou consort'st with Romeo,--
Mercutio's kinsman, noble County Paris!
Menenius, you are known well enough too.
Menenius ever, ever.
Mended again. The matter; proceed.
Men's eyes were made to look, and let them gaze;
Men well inclined to hear what thou command'st:
Men shall deal unadvisedly sometimes,
Men judge by the complexion of the sky
Men give like gods; but when they weep and kneel,
Men for their sons, wives for their husbands,
Men are but gilded loam or painted clay.
Melting with tenderness and kind compassion
Meet on the market-place. We'll attend you there:
Meet me within this hour at Baynard's Castle.
Measures my husband's sorrow by his woe:
Measureless liar, thou hast made my heart
Measured to look upon you; whom he loves--
Measure our confines with such peaceful steps?
Measure for measure must be answered.
Meantime, this deep disgrace in brotherhood
Meantime, have patience.
Meantime, but think how I may do thee good,
Meantime, God grants that we have need of you:
Meaning, to court'sy.
Meaning to keep her closely at my cell,
Meaning the king at Pomfret. Come, let's go:
Mean time let this defend my loyalty,
Me too, let me go thither.
Me they shall feel while I am able to stand: and
Me shall you find ready and willing
Me seemeth good, that, with some little train,
Me rather had my heart might feel your love
Me cause to wail but teachest me the way
Me and thy crying self.
Mayor:
Mayor:
Mayor:
May your grace speak of it?
May yet ere night yield both my life and them
May well abate the over-merry spleen
May walk again: if such thing be, thy mother
May this, almost a miracle, be done?
May think anon it moves.
May they perceive's intent! He will require them,
May these same instruments, which you profane,
May that ground gape and swallow me alive,
May tear a passage through the flinty ribs
May suffer alteration, on mine honour,
May stand in number, though in reckoning none,
May show like all yourself.
May show her duty and make known her love?'
May send forth plenteous tears to drown the world!
May seem as shy, as grave, as just, as absolute
May say 'This mercy we have show'd;' the Romans,
May prove a beauteous flower when next we meet.
May not one speak?
May not be punish'd with my thwarting stars,
May move your hearts to pity if you mark him.
May make against the house of Lancaster.
May know if you remain upon this island;
May it please your highness to resolve me now;
May it please you, lords, to grant the commons' suit.
May in the sworn twelve have a thief or two
May hourly trample on their sovereign's head;
May hold together: on her frights and griefs,
May have some scope to beat, or else I swoon
May happily bring forth. But who comes here?
May hang upon your hardness: therefore hear us.
May give you thankful sacrifice.
May fright the hopeful mother at the view;
May enter 'twixt the gap of both and take
May drop upon his kingdom and devour
May do much danger. Friar John, go hence;
May deem that you are worthily deposed.
May call it back again. Well, believe this,
May be put from her by society:
May be possessed with some store of crowns;
May be a precedent and witness good
May I change these garments?
Matters of needful value. We shall write to you,
Matter of marriage was the charge he gave me,
Mates, maid! how mean you that? no mates for you,
Match not the high perfection of my loss:
Masters, lay down your weapons.
Masters of the people,
Masters o' the people,
Masterly done:
Master:
Master:
Master, your love must live a maid at home;
Master, you look'd so longly on the maid,
Master, there is three carters, three shepherds,
Master, some show to welcome us to town.
Master, master, look about you: who goes there, ha?
Master, master! news, old news, and such news as
Master, it is no time to chide you now;
Master, if ever I said loose-bodied gown, sew me in
Master, has my fellow Tranio stolen your clothes? Or
Master, for my hand,
Master, a mercatante, or a pedant,
Master of this design, did give us, with
Master lieutenant, pray you, by your leave,
Master lieutenant, now that God and friends
Master Three-pile the mercer, for some four suits of
Master Froth?
Master Froth here, this very man, having eaten the
Master Deep-vow, and Master Copperspur, and Master
Master Barnardine! you must rise and be hanged.
Master Barnardine!
Mass, and well said; a merry whoreson, ha!
Masks for faces and for noses;
Marshal, demand of yonder champion
Marshal, ask yonder knight in arms,
Marrying a punk, my lord, is pressing to death,
Marry. God forbid!
Marry, would the word 'farewell' have lengthen'd hours
Marry, will I; and you shall help to put him i' the ground.
Marry, we were sent for to the justices.
Marry, this Claudio is condemned for untrussing.
Marry, they say my uncle grew so fast
Marry, that, I think, be young Petrucio.
Marry, that with no man here he is offended;
Marry, that 'marry' is the very theme
Marry, so I mean, sweet Katharina, in thy bed:
Marry, sir, with needle and thread.
Marry, sir, to get a husband for her sister.
Marry, sir, that's Claudio, Signior Claudio.
Marry, sir, he hath offended the law: and, sir, we
Marry, sir, by my wife; who, if she had been a woman
Marry, sir, because silver hath a sweet sound.
Marry, sir, I think, if you handled her privately,
Marry, sir, 'tis an ill cook that cannot lick his
Marry, peace it bodes, and love and quiet life,
Marry, my uncle Clarence' angry ghost:
Marry, my lord, lest, by a multitude,
Marry, my child, early next Thursday morn,
Marry, go before to field, he'll be your follower;
Marry, farewell! I pray you, sir, what saucy
Marry, bachelor,
Marry, as for Clarence, he is well repaid,
Marry, and will, my lord, with all my heart.
Marry, and shall.
Marry, and did; but if you be remember'd,
Marry, and amen, how sound is she asleep!
Marry, I will; and this is wisely done.
Marry, I will, let them play it. Is not a
Marry, I thank your worship for it. Thou seest, thou
Marry, I thank your good worship for it. What is't
Marry, I fare well for here is cheer enough.
Marry, God forbid his grace should say us nay!
Married my daughter there! for, coming thence,
Mark, silent king, the moral of this sport,
Mark'd you his lip and eyes?
Mark'd with a blot, damn'd in the book of heaven:
Mark'd by the destinies to be avoided,
Mark your divorce, young sir,
Mark you this, people?
Mark you that?
Mark what I say, which you shall find
Mark our contract.
Mark his condition and the event; then tell me
Mark and perform it, see'st thou! for the fail
Mariners:
Mariner:
Mariner:
Mariner:
Margaret.
Marcus.' 'He killed my father.'
Marcius, his name?
Marcius, I had rather had eleven die nobly for their
Marcius, 'tis true that you have lately told us;
Marcius,
Marcius!
Marcius would have all from you; Marcius,
Marcius coming home!
March'd toward Saint Alban's to intercept the queen,
March'd through the city to the palace gates.
March to assault thy country than to tread--
March sadly after; grace my mournings here;
March on, my fellows:
March on, march on, since we are up in arms;
March on, and mark King Richard how he looks.
Many years of happy days befal
Many that are not mad
Many good morrows to my noble lord!
Many for many virtues excellent,
Many and hearty thankings to you both.
Many a time hath banish'd Norfolk fought
Many a morning hath he there been seen,
Many a battle have I won in France,
Mann'd with three hundred men, as I have heard;
Manifest treason!
Mangles true judgment and bereaves the state
Man-enter'd thus, he waxed like a sea,
Maliciously like poison: but I cannot
Making them women of good carriage:
Making the mother, wife and child to see
Making the hard way sweet and delectable.
Making practise on the times,
Making not reservation of yourselves,
Making both it unable for itself,
Making another head to fight again.
Makes you think so.
Makes the survivor heir of all.
Makes the night morning, and the noon-tide night.
Makes my flesh tremble in their different greeting.
Makes me with heavy nothing faint and shrink.
Makes me most forward in this noble presence
Makes him to send; that thereby he may gather
Makes him speak fondly, like a frantic man
Makes fear'd and talk'd of more than seen--your son
Make yourselves scabs?
Make your best haste, and go not
Make way, unruly woman!
Make war with him that climb'd unto their nest,
Make war upon themselves; blood against blood,
Make us thy ministers of chastisement,
Make us pay down for our offence by weight
Make them be strong and ready for this hint,
Make thee the father of their idle dreams
Make the sun dance. Hark you!
Make the prize light.
Make that thy question, and go rot!
Make rash remonstrance of my hidden power
Make peace with God, for you must die, my lord.
Make pale our cheek, chasing the royal blood
Make our eyes flow with joy, hearts dance
Make not too rash a trial of him, for
Make much of him, my lords, for this is he
Make motion through my lips, and my arm'd knees,
Make me, that nothing have, with nothing grieved,
Make me to think so twenty years together!
Make me not sighted like the basilisk:
Make it no wonder; if you knew my business,
Make haste; the hour of death is expiate.
Make haste; the bridegroom he is come already:
Make haste, make haste.
Make haste, I say.
Make good this ostentation, and you shall
Make feasts, invite friends, and proclaim the banns;
Make dust our paper and with rainy eyes
Make bold her bashful years with your experience;
Make a short shrift; he longs to see your head.
Maintains such falsehood, then turn tears to fires;
Maiden, no remedy.
Maid's mild behavior and sobriety.
Madest quick conveyance with her good aunt Anne.
Made up to the deed, doth push on this proceeding:
Made such a sinner of his memory,
Made prize and purchase of his lustful eye,
Made peace enmity, fair love of hate,
Made me exchange my state with Tranio,
Made me acquainted with a weighty cause
Made me a looker on here in Vienna,
Made issue from the bosom of the boy;
Made impudent with use of evil deeds,
Made him my book wherein my soul recorded
Made him joint-servant with me; gave him way
Made him a man; and though thou livest and breathest,
Made glory base and sovereignty a slave,
Made glorious summer by this sun of York;
Made by the joiner squirrel or old grub,
Made by some other deity than nature,
Made all of false-faced soothing!
Made a divorce betwixt his queen and him,
Madam.
Madam, yourself are not exempt in this,
Madam, your mother craves a word with you.
Madam, your majesty is too much sad:
Madam, with all my heart.
Madam, what makes you in this sudden change?
Madam, we'll tell tales.
Madam, we'll play at bowls.
Madam, we'll dance.
Madam, we will attend your grace.
Madam, we did: he desires to make atonement
Madam, undress you and come now to bed.
Madam, the guests are come, supper served up, you
Madam, the Lady Valeria is come to visit you.
Madam, so thrive I in my enterprise
Madam, my mother, I do cry you mercy;
Madam, my instrument's in tune.
Madam, in happy time, what day is that?
Madam, if't please the queen to send the babe,
Madam, if you could find out but a man
Madam, his majesty doth call for you,
Madam, he hath not slept tonight; commanded
Madam, have comfort: all of us have cause
Madam, good night: commend me to your daughter.
Madam, good hope; his grace speaks cheerfully.
Madam, farewell.
Madam, bethink you, like a careful mother,
Madam, before you touch the instrument,
Madam, and you, my mother, will you go
Madam, an hour before the worshipp'd sun
Madam, I'll sing.
Madam, I know not, nor I greatly care not:
Madam, I have a touch of your condition,
Madam, I am not well.
Madam, I am here.
Madam, 'tis now in tune.
Madam!
Madam wife, they say that I have dream'd
MOPSA:
MOPSA:
MOPSA:
MOPSA:
MOPSA:
MOPSA:
MOPSA:
MOPSA:
MOPSA:
MOPSA:
MOPSA:
MOPSA:
MOPSA:
MONTAGUE:
MONTAGUE:
MONTAGUE:
MONTAGUE:
MONTAGUE:
MONTAGUE:
MONTAGUE:
MONTAGUE:
MONTAGUE:
MONTAGUE:
MONTAGUE:
MONTAGUE:
MONTAGUE:
MONTAGUE:
MONTAGUE:
MONTAGUE:
MONTAGUE:
MONTAGUE:
MONTAGUE:
MONTAGUE:
MONTAGUE:
MONTAGUE:
MONTAGUE:
MONTAGUE:
MONTAGUE:
MISTRESS OVERDONE:
MISTRESS OVERDONE:
MISTRESS OVERDONE:
MISTRESS OVERDONE:
MISTRESS OVERDONE:
MISTRESS OVERDONE:
MISTRESS OVERDONE:
MISTRESS OVERDONE:
MISTRESS OVERDONE:
MISTRESS OVERDONE:
MISTRESS OVERDONE:
MISTRESS OVERDONE:
MISTRESS OVERDONE:
MISTRESS OVERDONE:
MISTRESS OVERDONE:
MIRANDA:
MIRANDA:
MIRANDA:
MIRANDA:
MIRANDA:
MIRANDA:
MIRANDA:
MIRANDA:
MIRANDA:
MIRANDA:
MIRANDA:
MIRANDA:
MIRANDA:
MIRANDA:
MIRANDA:
MIRANDA:
MIRANDA:
MIRANDA:
MIRANDA:
MIRANDA:
MIRANDA:
MIRANDA:
MIRANDA:
MIRANDA:
MIRANDA:
MIRANDA:
MIRANDA:
MIRANDA:
MIRANDA:
MIRANDA:
MIRANDA:
MIRANDA:
MIRANDA:
MIRANDA:
MERCUTIO:
MERCUTIO:
MERCUTIO:
MERCUTIO:
MERCUTIO:
MERCUTIO:
MERCUTIO:
MERCUTIO:
MERCUTIO:
MERCUTIO:
MERCUTIO:
MERCUTIO:
MERCUTIO:
MERCUTIO:
MERCUTIO:
MERCUTIO:
MERCUTIO:
MERCUTIO:
MERCUTIO:
MERCUTIO:
MERCUTIO:
MERCUTIO:
MERCUTIO:
MERCUTIO:
MERCUTIO:
MERCUTIO:
MERCUTIO:
MERCUTIO:
MERCUTIO:
MERCUTIO:
MERCUTIO:
MERCUTIO:
MERCUTIO:
MERCUTIO:
MERCUTIO:
MERCUTIO:
MERCUTIO:
MERCUTIO:
MERCUTIO:
MERCUTIO:
MERCUTIO:
MERCUTIO:
MERCUTIO:
MERCUTIO:
MERCUTIO:
MERCUTIO:
MERCUTIO:
MERCUTIO:
MERCUTIO:
MERCUTIO:
MERCUTIO:
MERCUTIO:
MERCUTIO:
MERCUTIO:
MERCUTIO:
MERCUTIO:
MERCUTIO:
MERCUTIO:
MERCUTIO:
MERCUTIO:
MERCUTIO:
MERCUTIO:
MENENIUS:
MENENIUS:
MENENIUS:
MENENIUS:
MENENIUS:
MENENIUS:
MENENIUS:
MENENIUS:
MENENIUS:
MENENIUS:
MENENIUS:
MENENIUS:
MENENIUS:
MENENIUS:
MENENIUS:
MENENIUS:
MENENIUS:
MENENIUS:
MENENIUS:
MENENIUS:
MENENIUS:
MENENIUS:
MENENIUS:
MENENIUS:
MENENIUS:
MENENIUS:
MENENIUS:
MENENIUS:
MENENIUS:
MENENIUS:
MENENIUS:
MENENIUS:
MENENIUS:
MENENIUS:
MENENIUS:
MENENIUS:
MENENIUS:
MENENIUS:
MENENIUS:
MENENIUS:
MENENIUS:
MENENIUS:
MENENIUS:
MENENIUS:
MENENIUS:
MENENIUS:
MENENIUS:
MENENIUS:
MENENIUS:
MENENIUS:
MENENIUS:
MENENIUS:
MENENIUS:
MENENIUS:
MENENIUS:
MENENIUS:
MENENIUS:
MENENIUS:
MENENIUS:
MENENIUS:
MENENIUS:
MENENIUS:
MENENIUS:
MENENIUS:
MENENIUS:
MENENIUS:
MENENIUS:
MENENIUS:
MENENIUS:
MENENIUS:
MENENIUS:
MENENIUS:
MENENIUS:
MENENIUS:
MENENIUS:
MENENIUS:
MENENIUS:
MENENIUS:
MENENIUS:
MENENIUS:
MENENIUS:
MENENIUS:
MENENIUS:
MENENIUS:
MENENIUS:
MENENIUS:
MENENIUS:
MENENIUS:
MENENIUS:
MENENIUS:
MENENIUS:
MENENIUS:
MENENIUS:
MENENIUS:
MENENIUS:
MENENIUS:
MENENIUS:
MENENIUS:
MENENIUS:
MENENIUS:
MENENIUS:
MENENIUS:
MENENIUS:
MENENIUS:
MENENIUS:
MENENIUS:
MENENIUS:
MENENIUS:
MENENIUS:
MENENIUS:
MENENIUS:
MENENIUS:
MENENIUS:
MENENIUS:
MENENIUS:
MENENIUS:
MENENIUS:
MENENIUS:
MENENIUS:
MENENIUS:
MENENIUS:
MENENIUS:
MENENIUS:
MENENIUS:
MENENIUS:
MENENIUS:
MENENIUS:
MENENIUS:
MENENIUS:
MENENIUS:
MENENIUS:
MENENIUS:
MENENIUS:
MENENIUS:
MENENIUS:
MENENIUS:
MENENIUS:
MENENIUS:
MENENIUS:
MENENIUS:
MENENIUS:
MENENIUS:
MENENIUS:
MENENIUS:
MENENIUS:
MENENIUS:
MENENIUS:
MENENIUS:
MENENIUS:
MENENIUS:
MENENIUS:
MENENIUS:
MENENIUS:
MENENIUS:
MENENIUS:
MENENIUS:
MENENIUS:
MENENIUS:
MENENIUS:
MENENIUS:
MENENIUS:
MENENIUS:
MARIANA:
MARIANA:
MARIANA:
MARIANA:
MARIANA:
MARIANA:
MARIANA:
MARIANA:
MARIANA:
MARIANA:
MARIANA:
MARIANA:
MARIANA:
MARIANA:
MARIANA:
MARIANA:
MARIANA:
MARIANA:
MARIANA:
MARIANA:
MARIANA:
MARIANA:
MARIANA:
MARIANA:
MARCIUS:
MARCIUS:
MARCIUS:
MARCIUS:
MARCIUS:
MARCIUS:
MARCIUS:
MARCIUS:
MARCIUS:
MARCIUS:
MARCIUS:
MARCIUS:
MARCIUS:
MARCIUS:
MARCIUS:
MARCIUS:
MARCIUS:
MARCIUS:
MARCIUS:
MARCIUS:
MARCIUS:
MARCIUS:
MARCIUS:
MARCIUS:
MARCIUS:
MARCIUS:
MARCIUS:
MARCIUS:
MARCIUS:
MARCIUS:
MARCIUS:
MARCIUS:
MARCIUS:
MARCIUS:
MARCIUS:
MARCIUS:
MARCIUS:
MARCIUS:
MARCIUS:
MARCIUS:
MAMILLIUS:
MAMILLIUS:
MAMILLIUS:
MAMILLIUS:
MAMILLIUS:
MAMILLIUS:
MAMILLIUS:
MAMILLIUS:
MAMILLIUS:
MAMILLIUS:
MAMILLIUS:
MAMILLIUS:
MAMILLIUS:
Lusty and like to live: the queen receives
Luke's, to bid the priest be ready to come against
Lucentio, you shall supply the bridegroom's place:
Lucentio, gentle sir.
Lucentio, 'hic est,' son unto Vincentio of Pisa,
Lucentio's father is arrived in Padua,
Lucentio! O, he hath murdered his master! Lay hold
Lucentio is your name; of whence, I pray?
Lovers can see to do their amorous rites
Lovel and Ratcliff, look that it be done:
Loved none in the world so well as Lucentio.
Loved me above the measure of a father;
Loved as he loves himself: even now I met him
Love, charity, obedience, and true duty!
Love you the man that wrong'd you?
Love wrought these miracles. Bianca's love
Love they to live that love and honour have.
Love talks with better knowledge, and knowledge with
Love me or love me not, I like the cap;
Love loving not itself none other can.
Love is a smoke raised with the fume of sighs;
Love goes toward love, as schoolboys from
Love give me strength! and strength shall help afford.
Loud 'larums, neighing steeds, and trumpets' clang?
Lose those he hath won.
Lords:
Lords:
Lords:
Lords:
Lords, you that here are under our arrest,
Lords, to the field; Saint George and victory!
Lords, knights, and gentlemen, what I should say
Lords, give us leave: I'll try this widow's wit.
Lords, I protest, my soul is full of woe,
Lord:
Lord:
Lord:
Lord:
Lord:
Lord:
Lord:
Lord:
Lord:
Lord:
Lord:
Lord:
Lord:
Lord:
Lord:
Lord:
Lord:
Lord:
Lord:
Lord:
Lord:
Lord:
Lord, let me never have a cause to sigh,
Lord, how my head aches! what a head have I!
Lord, how it looks about! Believe me, sir,
Lord, Lord, she will be a joyful woman.
Lord, Lord! methought, what pain it was to drown!
Lord! when 'twas a little prating thing:--O, there
Lord mayor,--
Lord mayor, the reason we have sent--
Lord marshal, let me kiss my sovereign's hand,
Lord marshal, command our officers at arms
Lord hastings was to her for his delivery?
Lord Warwick, on thy shoulder will I lean;
Lord Stafford's father, Duke of Buckingham,
Lord Rivers and Lord Grey are sent to Pomfret,
Lord Mayor:
Lord Mayor:
Lord Mayor:
Lord Mayor:
Lord Mayor:
Lord Mayor:
Lord Mayor:
Lord Mayor:
Lord Mayor:
Lord Marshal:
Lord Marshal:
Lord Marshal:
Lord Marshal:
Lord Marshal:
Lord Marshal:
Lord Marshal:
Lord Marshal:
Lord Marshal:
Lord Marshal:
Lord Hastings, you and he are near in love.
Lord Hastings will not yield to our complots?
Lord George your brother, Norfolk and myself,
Lord Clifford vows to fight in thy defence:
Lord Clifford and Lord Stafford, all abreast,
Lord Angelo? they have confessed you did.
Lord Angelo, having affairs to heaven,
Lord Angelo is severe.
Lord Angelo hath to the public ear
Looks on alike. Will't please you, sir, be gone?
Looks in a glass, that shows what future evils,
Looking awry upon your lord's departure,
Look, when he fawns, he bites; and when he bites,
Look, what thy soul holds dear, imagine it
Look, what is done cannot be now amended:
Look, what I will not, that I cannot do.
Look, what I speak, or do, or think to do,
Look, what I speak, my life shall prove it true;
Look, therefore, Lewis, that by this league and marriage
Look, sir.
Look, sir, your mother!
Look, look! O heavy day!
Look, if it please you, on this man condemn'd,
Look, how thou dream'st! I say again, give out
Look, how this ring encompasseth finger.
Look, here's the warrant, Claudio, for thy death:
Look, here's a letter from him: the state hath
Look, here comes one: a gentlewoman of mine,
Look, as I blow this feather from my face,
Look, and thou shalt see.
Look, York: I stain'd this napkin with the blood
Look'd wondering each at other.
Look'd pale when they did hear of Clarence' death?
Look you, sir; here comes your ghostly father: do
Look you, sir, here is the hand and seal of the
Look you, she loved her kinsman Tybalt dearly,
Look you speak justly.
Look you bring me in the names of some six or seven,
Look where he comes.
Look to't, think on't, I do not use to jest.
Look to your babe, my lord; 'tis yours:
Look to thy bark: I'll not be long before
Look to the drawbridge there!
Look to the baked meats, good Angelica:
Look that you take upon you as you should;
Look that my staves be sound, and not too heavy.
Look on my wrongs with an indifferent eye:
Look on my forces with a gracious eye;
Look on me with your welkin eye: sweet villain!
Look on her, mark her well; be but about
Look not pale, Bianca; thy father will not frown.
Look in his youth to have him so cut off
Look how thy servants do attend on thee,
Look here, I throw my infamy at thee
Look he's winding up the watch of his wit;
Look forward on the journey you shall go.
Look for the news that the Guildhall affords.
Look for no less than death.
Look behind you, my lord.
Look back, defend thee, here are enemies.
Look I so pale, Lord Dorset, as the rest?
Longer to live most weary, and present
Longer or shorter, he may be so fitted
Long mayst thou live to wail thy children's loss;
Long mayst thou live in Richard's seat to sit,
Long live Richard, England's royal king!
Long live King Henry! Plantagenet embrace him.
Long live Gonzalo!
Long live Edward the Fourth!
Long die thy happy days before thy death;
Long as my exile, sweet as my revenge!
Lonely, apart. But here it is: prepare
Loath to depose the child, Your brother's son;
Loaden with honour. Say my request's unjust,
Lo, this is all:--nay, yet depart not so;
Lo, now my glory smear'd in dust and blood!
Lo, in these windows that let forth thy life,
Lo, here, this long-usurped royalty
Lo, here upon thy cheek the stain doth sit
Lo, here I lend thee this sharp-pointed sword;
Lo, ere I can repeat this curse again,
Lo, citizens, he says he is content:
Lo, at their births good stars were opposite.
Lo, as at English feasts, so I regreet
Living to time.
Lives not to act another. Be satisfied;
Lives my sweet son?
Lives like a drunken sailor on a mast,
Live, and thrive!
Live, and be prosperous: and farewell, good fellow.
Live in thy tongue and heart: old Escalus,
Live in thy shame, but die not shame with thee!
Live here in heaven and may look on her;
Live each of you the subjects to his hate,
Little.
Little have you to say
Little are we beholding to your love,
Listen to me, and if you speak me fair,
List to your tribunes. Audience: peace, I say!
Lines of fair comfort and encouragement.
Limps after in base imitation.
Limit each leader to his several charge,
Likely in time to bless a regal throne.
Like very sanctity, she did approach
Like trees bedash'd with rain: in that sad time
Like to my followers in prosperity,
Like to his island girt in with the ocean,
Like to his father's greatness: his approach,
Like to a tenement or pelting farm:
Like to a lonely dragon, that his fen
Like to a harvest-man that's task'd to mow
Like to a dismal clangour heard from far,
Like to a chaos, or an unlick'd bear-whelp
Like to a censer in a barber's shop:
Like to a bowl upon a subtle ground,
Like softest music to attending ears!
Like rats that ravin down their proper bane,
Like powder in a skitless soldier's flask,
Like pleasant travellers, to break a jest
Like perspectives, which rightly gazed upon
Like one that stands upon a promontory,
Like one that means his proper harm, in manacles,
Like one i' the stocks. Thou hast never in thy life
Like offices of pity. Sir, be prosperous
Like men born to renown by life or death.
Like man new made.
Like labour with the rest, where the other instruments
Like interrupted waters and o'erbear
Like him by chance. Yet give us our dispatch:
Like high-rear'd bulwarks, stand before our faces;
Like graves i' the holy churchyard.
Like envious floods o'er-run her lovely face,
Like doth quit like, and MEASURE still FOR MEASURE.
Like death, when he shuts up the day of life;
Like damned guilty deeds to sinners' minds:
Like an unseasonable stormy day,
Like an old tale: but it appears she lives,
Like an old tale still, which will have matter to
Like a true friar. More reasons for this action
Like a rich jewel in an Ethiope's ear;
Like a poor prisoner in his twisted gyves,
Like a poor bark, of sails and tackling reft,
Like a great sea-mark, standing every flaw,
Like a good parent, did beget of him
Like a false traitor and injurious villain.
Like a dull actor now,
Like a bold flood o'er-bear. O, come, go in,
Like Romans, neither foolish in our stands,
Light vanity, insatiate cormorant,
Lifts me above the ground with cheerful thoughts.
Lift up your countenance, as it were the day
Life and these lips have long been separated:
Lieutenant:
Lieutenant:
Lieutenant:
Lieutenant:
Lieutenant:
Lies now even in the centre of this isle,
Lies my consent and fair according voice.
Lies in their purses, and whoso empties them
Lies he not bed-rid? and again does nothing
Lies festering in his shroud; where, as they say,
Lie there, my art. Wipe thou thine eyes; have comfort.
Lie in the interpretation of the time:
Lie hid moe thousand deaths: yet death we fear,
Lewis and the Lady Bona send to him.
Letters to Richmond, you shall answer it.
Letters should not be known; riches, poverty,
Lets along.
Let's write good angel on the devil's horn:
Let's want no discipline, make no delay,
Let's to the Capitol;
Let's to the Capitol. Would half my wealth
Let's talk of graves, of worms, and epitaphs;
Let's take leave of him.
Let's step into the shadow of these trees.
Let's see; I think 'tis now some seven o'clock,
Let's see for means: O mischief, thou art swift
Let's purge this choler without letting blood:
Let's not meet her.
Let's march without the noise of threatening drum,
Let's make the best of it.
Let's levy men, and beat him back again.
Let's hence, and hear
Let's hear. O fie! the treble jars.
Let's hear our tribune: peace Speak, speak, speak.
Let's have that, good sir.
Let's have some merry ones.
Let's ha't, good Grumio.
Let's fight it out and not stand cavilling thus.
Let's fetch him off, or make remain alike.
Let's each one send unto his wife;
Let's choose executors and talk of wills:
Let's before as he bids us: he was provided to do us good.
Let's be no stoics nor no stocks, I pray;
Let's be calm.
Let's along.
Let's all sink with the king.
Let what is meet be said it must be meet,
Let what is dear in Sicily be cheap:
Let villany itself forswear't. I must
Let us, that are poor petitioners, speak too:
Let us take the law of our sides; let them begin.
Let us survey the vantage of the field
Let us seem humbler after it is done
Let us kill him, and we'll have corn at our own price.
Let us entreat you stay till after dinner.
Let us consult upon to-morrow's business
Let us be keen, and rather cut a little,
Let us be back'd with God and with the seas
Let us assail the family of York.
Let us alone to guard Corioli:
Let two more summers wither in their pride,
Let this be done.
Let there be some more test made of my metal,
Let them want nothing that my house affords.
Let them puff all about mine ears, present me
Let them pronounce the steep Tarpeian death,
Let them not live to taste this land's increase
Let them not cease, but with a din confused
Let them lay by their helmets and their spears,
Let them have scope: though what they do impart
Let them have cushions by you. You are plebeians,
Let them hang.
Let them go on;
Let them assemble,
Let them affright thee. I beseech thee, youth,
Let them accuse me by invention, I
Let the high office and the honour go
Let the first budger die the other's slave,
Let that suffice. I have trusted thee, Camillo,
Let specialties be therefore drawn between us,
Let one attend him with a silver basin
Let not to-morrow then ensue to-day;
Let not thy nurse lie with thee in thy chamber:
Let not the heavens hear these tell-tale women
Let not my cold words here accuse my zeal:
Let noble Warwick, Cobham, and the rest,
Let nature crush the sides o' the earth together
Let mine own judgment pattern out my death,
Let me unkiss the oath 'twixt thee and me;
Let me stand here till thou remember it.
Let me speak:
Let me see: every 'leven wether tods; every tod
Let me remember thee what thou hast promised,
Let me put in your minds, if you forget,
Let me o'erleap that custom, for I cannot
Let me march on, and not offend your grace.
Let me know the point.
Let me in safety raise me from my knees
Let me hear you speak farther. I have spirit to do
Let me have war, say I; it exceeds peace as far as
Let me have open means to come to them,
Let me give humble thanks for all at once.
Let me for this my life-time reign as king.
Let me excuse me, and believe me so,
Let me entreat, for I command no more,
Let me entreat you.
Let me entreat you.
Let me entreat you speak the former language.
Let me embrace with old Vincentio,
Let me embrace thee, sour adversity,
Let me embrace thee in my weary arms:
Let me dispute with thee of thy estate.
Let me desire your company: he must come,
Let me deserve so ill as you, and make me
Let me commend thee first to those that shall
Let me but stand; I will not hurt your hearth.
Let me but meet you, ladies, one hour hence,
Let me be ta'en, let me be put to death;
Let me be satisfied, is't good or bad?
Let me be punish'd, that have minded you
Let me be ignorant, and in nothing good,
Let me be Duke of Clarence, George of Gloucester;
Let me ask my sister pardon. I am so out of love
Let liberty make use of; space enough
Let it not sound a thought upon your tongue
Let it go; there's few or none will entertain it.
Let it command a mirror hither straight,
Let it be virtuous to be obstinate.
Let him, my son: he shall not need to grieve
Let him that was the cause of this have power
Let him that makes but trifles of his eyes
Let him thank me, that holp to send him thither;
Let him not die. My brother had but justice,
Let him know't.
Let him die for't.
Let him depart before we need his help.
Let him be whipt and hang'd.
Let him be sent for.
Let him be made a coverture for the wars!
Let him be crown'd; in him your comfort lives:
Let him be call'd for.
Let him be apprehended.
Let him alone;
Let him alone, or so many so minded,
Let her alone, lady: as she is now, she will but
Let hell make crook'd my mind to answer it.
Let heaven revenge; for I may never lift
Let have needful, but not lavish, means;
Let go.
Let every feeble rumour shake your hearts!
Let but your honour know,
Let be, let be.
Let AEsop fable in a winter's night;
Lest, being seen, thy brother, tender George,
Lest, being over-proud in sap and blood,
Lest you shall chance to whip your information
Lest you mistake the heavens are o'er our heads.
Lest you be cropp'd before you come to prime.
Lest with my sighs or tears I blast or drown
Lest to thy harm thou move our patience.
Lest thou increase the number of the dead;
Lest thou be hated both of God and man!
Lest thou a feverous life shouldst entertain,
Lest they desire upon this push to trouble
Lest that thy wives with spits and boys with stones
Lest that thy love prove likewise variable.
Lest that the treachery of the two fled hence
Lest she should be denied.
Lest parties, as he is beloved, break out,
Lest over-eyeing of his odd behavior,--
Lest leaden slumber peise me down to-morrow,
Lest it should bite its master, and so prove,
Lest in this marriage he should be dishonour'd,
Lest in revenge thereof, sith God is just,
Lest in our need he might infect another
Lest his infection, being of catching nature,
Lest he that is the supreme King of kings
Lest child, child's children, cry against you woe!
Lest barbarism, making me the precedent,
Lest I surcease to honour mine own truth
Lest I revenge. What, myself upon myself?
Lest I might be too rash:
Lesser his person than an ill report;
Less impudence to gainsay what they did
Less appear so in comforting your evils,
Leontes opening his free arms and weeping
Lent him our terror, dress'd him with our love,
Lend thine ear.
Lend me your knees, and all my life to come
Lend favourable ears to our request;
Left solely heir to all his lands and goods,
Left his to the worthiest; so his successor
Left her in her tears, and dried not one of them
Left I his title out.
Led in the hand of her kind aunt of Gloucester?
Lechery?
Leave your prating: since these good men are
Leave us to cure this cause.
Leave unsaluted: sink, my knee, i' the earth;
Leave this faint puling and lament as I do,
Leave shall you have to court her at your pleasure.
Leave off to wonder why I drew you hither,
Leave nothing out for length, and make us think
Leave me, or tarry, Edward will be king,
Leave me, and do the thing I bid thee do.
Learn how 'tis held; and what they are that must
Learn him forbearance from so foul a wrong.
Leap to these arms, untalk'd of and unseen.
Leads discontented steps in foreign soil,
Lead'st first to win some vantage.
Lead us from hence, where we may leisurely
Lead their successes as we wish our own,
Lead on to some foul issue: we all kneel.
Lead forth and bring you back in happiness!
Lay't so to his charge:
Lay on our royal sword your banish'd hands;
Lay it by too: another.
Lay her a-hold, a-hold! set her two courses off to
Lay hands upon him.
Lay hands on the villain: I believe a' means to
Lay by all nicety and prolixious blushes,
Lay
Lawn as white as driven snow;
Lawful as eating.
Laugh'd in his face; and when with grief he wept,
Laugh at me, make their pastime at my sorrow:
Lately attendant on the Duke of Norfolk.
Last night, I hear, they lay at Northampton;
Last night she slept not, nor to-night she shall not;
Last longer telling than thy kindness' date.
Lascivious metres, to whose venom sound
Lascivious Edward, and thou perjured George,
Landlord of England art thou now, not king:
Lament we may, but not revenge thee dead.
Lament till I am lost.
Laid to thy answer: but the last,--O lords,
Laid open all your victories in Scotland,
Lady:
Lady:
Lady:
Lady:
Lady:
Lady:
Lady, you know no rules of charity,
Lady, by yonder blessed moon I swear
Ladies and maids their scarfs and handkerchers,
Labouring to save his life, and would not rather
La you now, you hear:
LUCIO:
LUCIO:
LUCIO:
LUCIO:
LUCIO:
LUCIO:
LUCIO:
LUCIO:
LUCIO:
LUCIO:
LUCIO:
LUCIO:
LUCIO:
LUCIO:
LUCIO:
LUCIO:
LUCIO:
LUCIO:
LUCIO:
LUCIO:
LUCIO:
LUCIO:
LUCIO:
LUCIO:
LUCIO:
LUCIO:
LUCIO:
LUCIO:
LUCIO:
LUCIO:
LUCIO:
LUCIO:
LUCIO:
LUCIO:
LUCIO:
LUCIO:
LUCIO:
LUCIO:
LUCIO:
LUCIO:
LUCIO:
LUCIO:
LUCIO:
LUCIO:
LUCIO:
LUCIO:
LUCIO:
LUCIO:
LUCIO:
LUCIO:
LUCIO:
LUCIO:
LUCIO:
LUCIO:
LUCIO:
LUCIO:
LUCIO:
LUCIO:
LUCIO:
LUCIO:
LUCIO:
LUCIO:
LUCIO:
LUCIO:
LUCIO:
LUCIO:
LUCIO:
LUCIO:
LUCIO:
LUCIO:
LUCIO:
LUCIO:
LUCIO:
LUCIO:
LUCIO:
LUCIO:
LUCIO:
LUCIO:
LUCIO:
LUCIO:
LUCIO:
LUCIO:
LUCIO:
LUCIO:
LUCIO:
LUCIO:
LUCIO:
LUCIO:
LUCIO:
LUCIO:
LUCIO:
LUCIO:
LUCIO:
LUCIO:
LUCIO:
LUCIO:
LUCIO:
LUCIO:
LUCIO:
LUCIO:
LUCIO:
LUCIO:
LUCIO:
LUCIO:
LUCIO:
LUCIO:
LUCIO:
LUCIO:
LUCIO:
LUCIO:
LUCIO:
LUCENTIO:
LUCENTIO:
LUCENTIO:
LUCENTIO:
LUCENTIO:
LUCENTIO:
LUCENTIO:
LUCENTIO:
LUCENTIO:
LUCENTIO:
LUCENTIO:
LUCENTIO:
LUCENTIO:
LUCENTIO:
LUCENTIO:
LUCENTIO:
LUCENTIO:
LUCENTIO:
LUCENTIO:
LUCENTIO:
LUCENTIO:
LUCENTIO:
LUCENTIO:
LUCENTIO:
LUCENTIO:
LUCENTIO:
LUCENTIO:
LUCENTIO:
LUCENTIO:
LUCENTIO:
LUCENTIO:
LUCENTIO:
LUCENTIO:
LUCENTIO:
LUCENTIO:
LUCENTIO:
LUCENTIO:
LUCENTIO:
LUCENTIO:
LUCENTIO:
LUCENTIO:
LUCENTIO:
LUCENTIO:
LUCENTIO:
LUCENTIO:
LUCENTIO:
LUCENTIO:
LUCENTIO:
LUCENTIO:
LUCENTIO:
LUCENTIO:
LUCENTIO:
LUCENTIO:
LUCENTIO:
LUCENTIO:
LUCENTIO:
LUCENTIO:
LUCENTIO:
LUCENTIO:
LUCENTIO:
LUCENTIO:
LOVEL:
LOVEL:
LORDS:
LORDS:
LORDS:
LORD WILLOUGHBY:
LORD WILLOUGHBY:
LORD WILLOUGHBY:
LORD WILLOUGHBY:
LORD WILLOUGHBY:
LORD WILLOUGHBY:
LORD WILLOUGHBY:
LORD WILLOUGHBY:
LORD STANLEY:
LORD STANLEY:
LORD STANLEY:
LORD STANLEY:
LORD ROSS:
LORD ROSS:
LORD ROSS:
LORD ROSS:
LORD ROSS:
LORD ROSS:
LORD ROSS:
LORD ROSS:
LORD ROSS:
LORD ROSS:
LORD ROSS:
LORD FITZWATER:
LORD FITZWATER:
LORD FITZWATER:
LORD FITZWATER:
LORD FITZWATER:
LORD FITZWATER:
LORD BERKELEY:
LORD BERKELEY:
LEONTES:
LEONTES:
LEONTES:
LEONTES:
LEONTES:
LEONTES:
LEONTES:
LEONTES:
LEONTES:
LEONTES:
LEONTES:
LEONTES:
LEONTES:
LEONTES:
LEONTES:
LEONTES:
LEONTES:
LEONTES:
LEONTES:
LEONTES:
LEONTES:
LEONTES:
LEONTES:
LEONTES:
LEONTES:
LEONTES:
LEONTES:
LEONTES:
LEONTES:
LEONTES:
LEONTES:
LEONTES:
LEONTES:
LEONTES:
LEONTES:
LEONTES:
LEONTES:
LEONTES:
LEONTES:
LEONTES:
LEONTES:
LEONTES:
LEONTES:
LEONTES:
LEONTES:
LEONTES:
LEONTES:
LEONTES:
LEONTES:
LEONTES:
LEONTES:
LEONTES:
LEONTES:
LEONTES:
LEONTES:
LEONTES:
LEONTES:
LEONTES:
LEONTES:
LEONTES:
LEONTES:
LEONTES:
LEONTES:
LEONTES:
LEONTES:
LEONTES:
LEONTES:
LEONTES:
LEONTES:
LEONTES:
LEONTES:
LEONTES:
LEONTES:
LEONTES:
LEONTES:
LEONTES:
LEONTES:
LEONTES:
LEONTES:
LEONTES:
LEONTES:
LEONTES:
LEONTES:
LEONTES:
LEONTES:
LEONTES:
LEONTES:
LEONTES:
LEONTES:
LEONTES:
LEONTES:
LEONTES:
LEONTES:
LEONTES:
LEONTES:
LEONTES:
LEONTES:
LEONTES:
LEONTES:
LEONTES:
LEONTES:
LEONTES:
LEONTES:
LEONTES:
LEONTES:
LEONTES:
LEONTES:
LEONTES:
LEONTES:
LEONTES:
LEONTES:
LEONTES:
LEONTES:
LEONTES:
LEONTES:
LEONTES:
LEONTES:
LEONTES:
LEONTES:
LEONTES:
LEONTES:
LEONTES:
LEONTES:
LEONTES:
LEONTES:
LARTIUS:
LARTIUS:
LARTIUS:
LARTIUS:
LARTIUS:
LARTIUS:
LARTIUS:
LARTIUS:
LARTIUS:
LARTIUS:
LARTIUS:
LARTIUS:
LARTIUS:
LARTIUS:
LARTIUS:
LARTIUS:
LARTIUS:
LARTIUS:
LARTIUS:
LARTIUS:
LARTIUS:
LADY MONTAGUE:
LADY MONTAGUE:
LADY GREY:
LADY GREY:
LADY GREY:
LADY GREY:
LADY GREY:
LADY GREY:
LADY GREY:
LADY GREY:
LADY GREY:
LADY GREY:
LADY GREY:
LADY GREY:
LADY GREY:
LADY GREY:
LADY GREY:
LADY GREY:
LADY GREY:
LADY GREY:
LADY GREY:
LADY GREY:
LADY GREY:
LADY GREY:
LADY GREY:
LADY GREY:
LADY CAPULET:
LADY CAPULET:
LADY CAPULET:
LADY CAPULET:
LADY CAPULET:
LADY CAPULET:
LADY CAPULET:
LADY CAPULET:
LADY CAPULET:
LADY CAPULET:
LADY CAPULET:
LADY CAPULET:
LADY CAPULET:
LADY CAPULET:
LADY CAPULET:
LADY CAPULET:
LADY CAPULET:
LADY CAPULET:
LADY CAPULET:
LADY CAPULET:
LADY CAPULET:
LADY CAPULET:
LADY CAPULET:
LADY CAPULET:
LADY CAPULET:
LADY CAPULET:
LADY CAPULET:
LADY CAPULET:
LADY CAPULET:
LADY CAPULET:
LADY CAPULET:
LADY CAPULET:
LADY CAPULET:
LADY CAPULET:
LADY CAPULET:
LADY CAPULET:
LADY CAPULET:
LADY CAPULET:
LADY CAPULET:
LADY CAPULET:
LADY CAPULET:
LADY CAPULET:
LADY CAPULET:
LADY CAPULET:
LADY ANNE:
LADY ANNE:
LADY ANNE:
LADY ANNE:
LADY ANNE:
LADY ANNE:
LADY ANNE:
LADY ANNE:
LADY ANNE:
LADY ANNE:
LADY ANNE:
LADY ANNE:
LADY ANNE:
LADY ANNE:
LADY ANNE:
LADY ANNE:
LADY ANNE:
LADY ANNE:
LADY ANNE:
LADY ANNE:
LADY ANNE:
LADY ANNE:
LADY ANNE:
LADY ANNE:
LADY ANNE:
LADY ANNE:
LADY ANNE:
LADY ANNE:
LADY ANNE:
LADY ANNE:
LADY ANNE:
LADY ANNE:
LADY ANNE:
LADY ANNE:
LADY ANNE:
LADY ANNE:
LADY ANNE:
LADY ANNE:
LADY ANNE:
LADY ANNE:
LADY ANNE:
LADY ANNE:
LADY ANNE:
LADY ANNE:
LADY ANNE:
LADY ANNE:
LADY ANNE:
LADY ANNE:
LADY ANNE:
LADY ANNE:
LADY  CAPULET:
Knows not which way to stand, to look, to speak,
Knows not that ever he knew me.
Knows he of this?
Known and allied to yours.
Knowing by Paulina that the oracle
Knowing I loved my books, he furnish'd me
Know, sir, that I am call'd Hortensio.
Know, good mother,
Know, Rome, that all alone Marcius did fight
Know, I pray you,--
Know'st thou not any whom corrupting gold
Know you this woman?
Know you that Friar Lodowick that she speaks of?
Know thus far forth.
Know thine own meaning, but wouldst gabble like
Know man from man? dispute his own estate?
Knock, sir! whom should I knock? is there man has
Knock you here, sir! why, sir, what am I, sir, that
Knock there, and ask your heart what it doth know
Knock at the gate! O heavens! Spake you not these
Kneel'd at my feet, and bade me be advised
Kissing with inside lip? stopping the career
Kings it makes gods, and meaner creatures kings.
King Richard, he is in the mighty hold
King Lewis, I here protest, in sight of heaven,
King Lewis and Lady Bona, hear me speak,
King Henry, be thy title right or wrong,
King Henry and the prince his son are gone:
King Edward, valiant Richard, Montague,
King Edward's fruit, true heir to the English crown.
Kindness in women, not their beauteous looks,
Kindly! Sir, I pray, let me ha't: I have wounds to
Kind uncle York, the latest news we hear
Kind sister, thanks: we'll enter all together.
Kind Tyrrel, am I happy in thy news?
Kin to Jove's thunder, so surprised my sense.
Kills for faults of his own liking!
Killing that love which thou hast vow'd to cherish;
Killing our enemies, the blood he hath lost--
Kill, kill, kill, kill, kill him!
Kept in my soul, and would not let it forth
Keeps good old York there with his men of war?
Keeps Death his court and there the antic sits,
Keeper:
Keeper:
Keeper:
Keeper:
Keep your hundred pounds to yourself: he shall
Keep thou the napkin, and go boast of this:
Keep me in patience, and with ripen'd time
Keep law and form and due proportion,
Keep house and port and servants as I should:
Keep house and ply his book, welcome his friends,
Keep Rome in safety, and the chairs of justice
Katharina, that cap of yours becomes you not:
Katharina, I charge thee, tell these headstrong women
Katharina the curst!
Kate of Kate Hall, my super-dainty Kate,
KING RICHARD III:
KING RICHARD III:
KING RICHARD III:
KING RICHARD III:
KING RICHARD III:
KING RICHARD III:
KING RICHARD III:
KING RICHARD III:
KING RICHARD III:
KING RICHARD III:
KING RICHARD III:
KING RICHARD III:
KING RICHARD III:
KING RICHARD III:
KING RICHARD III:
KING RICHARD III:
KING RICHARD III:
KING RICHARD III:
KING RICHARD III:
KING RICHARD III:
KING RICHARD III:
KING RICHARD III:
KING RICHARD III:
KING RICHARD III:
KING RICHARD III:
KING RICHARD III:
KING RICHARD III:
KING RICHARD III:
KING RICHARD III:
KING RICHARD III:
KING RICHARD III:
KING RICHARD III:
KING RICHARD III:
KING RICHARD III:
KING RICHARD III:
KING RICHARD III:
KING RICHARD III:
KING RICHARD III:
KING RICHARD III:
KING RICHARD III:
KING RICHARD III:
KING RICHARD III:
KING RICHARD III:
KING RICHARD III:
KING RICHARD III:
KING RICHARD III:
KING RICHARD III:
KING RICHARD III:
KING RICHARD III:
KING RICHARD III:
KING RICHARD III:
KING RICHARD III:
KING RICHARD III:
KING RICHARD III:
KING RICHARD III:
KING RICHARD III:
KING RICHARD III:
KING RICHARD III:
KING RICHARD III:
KING RICHARD III:
KING RICHARD III:
KING RICHARD III:
KING RICHARD III:
KING RICHARD III:
KING RICHARD III:
KING RICHARD III:
KING RICHARD III:
KING RICHARD III:
KING RICHARD III:
KING RICHARD III:
KING RICHARD III:
KING RICHARD III:
KING RICHARD III:
KING RICHARD III:
KING RICHARD III:
KING RICHARD III:
KING RICHARD III:
KING RICHARD III:
KING RICHARD III:
KING RICHARD III:
KING RICHARD III:
KING RICHARD III:
KING RICHARD III:
KING RICHARD III:
KING RICHARD III:
KING RICHARD III:
KING RICHARD III:
KING RICHARD III:
KING RICHARD III:
KING RICHARD III:
KING RICHARD III:
KING RICHARD III:
KING RICHARD III:
KING RICHARD III:
KING RICHARD III:
KING RICHARD III:
KING RICHARD III:
KING RICHARD III:
KING RICHARD III:
KING RICHARD III:
KING RICHARD III:
KING RICHARD III:
KING RICHARD III:
KING RICHARD III:
KING RICHARD III:
KING RICHARD III:
KING RICHARD III:
KING RICHARD III:
KING RICHARD III:
KING RICHARD III:
KING RICHARD III:
KING RICHARD III:
KING RICHARD III:
KING RICHARD III:
KING RICHARD III:
KING RICHARD III:
KING RICHARD III:
KING RICHARD III:
KING RICHARD III:
KING RICHARD III:
KING RICHARD III:
KING RICHARD III:
KING RICHARD III:
KING RICHARD III:
KING RICHARD III:
KING RICHARD III:
KING RICHARD III:
KING RICHARD III:
KING RICHARD III:
KING RICHARD III:
KING RICHARD III:
KING RICHARD III:
KING RICHARD III:
KING RICHARD III:
KING RICHARD III:
KING RICHARD III:
KING RICHARD III:
KING RICHARD III:
KING RICHARD II:
KING RICHARD II:
KING RICHARD II:
KING RICHARD II:
KING RICHARD II:
KING RICHARD II:
KING RICHARD II:
KING RICHARD II:
KING RICHARD II:
KING RICHARD II:
KING RICHARD II:
KING RICHARD II:
KING RICHARD II:
KING RICHARD II:
KING RICHARD II:
KING RICHARD II:
KING RICHARD II:
KING RICHARD II:
KING RICHARD II:
KING RICHARD II:
KING RICHARD II:
KING RICHARD II:
KING RICHARD II:
KING RICHARD II:
KING RICHARD II:
KING RICHARD II:
KING RICHARD II:
KING RICHARD II:
KING RICHARD II:
KING RICHARD II:
KING RICHARD II:
KING RICHARD II:
KING RICHARD II:
KING RICHARD II:
KING RICHARD II:
KING RICHARD II:
KING RICHARD II:
KING RICHARD II:
KING RICHARD II:
KING RICHARD II:
KING RICHARD II:
KING RICHARD II:
KING RICHARD II:
KING RICHARD II:
KING RICHARD II:
KING RICHARD II:
KING RICHARD II:
KING RICHARD II:
KING RICHARD II:
KING RICHARD II:
KING RICHARD II:
KING RICHARD II:
KING RICHARD II:
KING RICHARD II:
KING RICHARD II:
KING RICHARD II:
KING RICHARD II:
KING RICHARD II:
KING RICHARD II:
KING RICHARD II:
KING RICHARD II:
KING RICHARD II:
KING RICHARD II:
KING RICHARD II:
KING RICHARD II:
KING RICHARD II:
KING RICHARD II:
KING RICHARD II:
KING RICHARD II:
KING RICHARD II:
KING RICHARD II:
KING RICHARD II:
KING RICHARD II:
KING RICHARD II:
KING RICHARD II:
KING RICHARD II:
KING RICHARD II:
KING RICHARD II:
KING RICHARD II:
KING RICHARD II:
KING RICHARD II:
KING RICHARD II:
KING RICHARD II:
KING RICHARD II:
KING RICHARD II:
KING RICHARD II:
KING RICHARD II:
KING RICHARD II:
KING RICHARD II:
KING RICHARD II:
KING RICHARD II:
KING RICHARD II:
KING RICHARD II:
KING RICHARD II:
KING RICHARD II:
KING RICHARD II:
KING RICHARD II:
KING RICHARD II:
KING LEWIS XI:
KING LEWIS XI:
KING LEWIS XI:
KING LEWIS XI:
KING LEWIS XI:
KING LEWIS XI:
KING LEWIS XI:
KING LEWIS XI:
KING LEWIS XI:
KING LEWIS XI:
KING LEWIS XI:
KING LEWIS XI:
KING LEWIS XI:
KING LEWIS XI:
KING LEWIS XI:
KING LEWIS XI:
KING LEWIS XI:
KING LEWIS XI:
KING LEWIS XI:
KING LEWIS XI:
KING LEWIS XI:
KING HENRY VI:
KING HENRY VI:
KING HENRY VI:
KING HENRY VI:
KING HENRY VI:
KING HENRY VI:
KING HENRY VI:
KING HENRY VI:
KING HENRY VI:
KING HENRY VI:
KING HENRY VI:
KING HENRY VI:
KING HENRY VI:
KING HENRY VI:
KING HENRY VI:
KING HENRY VI:
KING HENRY VI:
KING HENRY VI:
KING HENRY VI:
KING HENRY VI:
KING HENRY VI:
KING HENRY VI:
KING HENRY VI:
KING HENRY VI:
KING HENRY VI:
KING HENRY VI:
KING HENRY VI:
KING HENRY VI:
KING HENRY VI:
KING HENRY VI:
KING HENRY VI:
KING HENRY VI:
KING HENRY VI:
KING HENRY VI:
KING HENRY VI:
KING HENRY VI:
KING HENRY VI:
KING HENRY VI:
KING HENRY VI:
KING HENRY VI:
KING HENRY VI:
KING HENRY VI:
KING HENRY VI:
KING HENRY VI:
KING HENRY VI:
KING HENRY VI:
KING HENRY VI:
KING HENRY VI:
KING HENRY VI:
KING HENRY VI:
KING HENRY VI:
KING HENRY VI:
KING HENRY VI:
KING HENRY VI:
KING HENRY VI:
KING HENRY VI:
KING HENRY VI:
KING HENRY VI:
KING HENRY VI:
KING HENRY VI:
KING HENRY VI:
KING HENRY VI:
KING HENRY VI:
KING HENRY VI:
KING HENRY VI:
KING HENRY VI:
KING HENRY VI:
KING HENRY VI:
KING HENRY VI:
KING HENRY VI:
KING HENRY VI:
KING EDWARD IV:
KING EDWARD IV:
KING EDWARD IV:
KING EDWARD IV:
KING EDWARD IV:
KING EDWARD IV:
KING EDWARD IV:
KING EDWARD IV:
KING EDWARD IV:
KING EDWARD IV:
KING EDWARD IV:
KING EDWARD IV:
KING EDWARD IV:
KING EDWARD IV:
KING EDWARD IV:
KING EDWARD IV:
KING EDWARD IV:
KING EDWARD IV:
KING EDWARD IV:
KING EDWARD IV:
KING EDWARD IV:
KING EDWARD IV:
KING EDWARD IV:
KING EDWARD IV:
KING EDWARD IV:
KING EDWARD IV:
KING EDWARD IV:
KING EDWARD IV:
KING EDWARD IV:
KING EDWARD IV:
KING EDWARD IV:
KING EDWARD IV:
KING EDWARD IV:
KING EDWARD IV:
KING EDWARD IV:
KING EDWARD IV:
KING EDWARD IV:
KING EDWARD IV:
KING EDWARD IV:
KING EDWARD IV:
KING EDWARD IV:
KING EDWARD IV:
KING EDWARD IV:
KING EDWARD IV:
KING EDWARD IV:
KING EDWARD IV:
KING EDWARD IV:
KING EDWARD IV:
KING EDWARD IV:
KING EDWARD IV:
KING EDWARD IV:
KING EDWARD IV:
KING EDWARD IV:
KING EDWARD IV:
KING EDWARD IV:
KING EDWARD IV:
KING EDWARD IV:
KING EDWARD IV:
KING EDWARD IV:
KING EDWARD IV:
KING EDWARD IV:
KING EDWARD IV:
KING EDWARD IV:
KING EDWARD IV:
KING EDWARD IV:
KING EDWARD IV:
KING EDWARD IV:
KING EDWARD IV:
KING EDWARD IV:
KING EDWARD IV:
KING EDWARD IV:
KING EDWARD IV:
KING EDWARD IV:
KING EDWARD IV:
KING EDWARD IV:
KING EDWARD IV:
KING EDWARD IV:
KING EDWARD IV:
KING EDWARD IV:
KING EDWARD IV:
KING EDWARD IV:
KING EDWARD IV:
KING EDWARD IV:
KING EDWARD IV:
KING EDWARD IV:
KING EDWARD IV:
KING EDWARD IV:
KING EDWARD IV:
KING EDWARD IV:
KING EDWARD IV:
KING EDWARD IV:
KING EDWARD IV:
KING EDWARD IV:
KING EDWARD IV:
KING EDWARD IV:
KING EDWARD IV:
KING EDWARD IV:
KING EDWARD IV:
KING EDWARD IV:
KING EDWARD IV:
KING EDWARD IV:
KING EDWARD IV:
KING EDWARD IV:
KING EDWARD IV:
KING EDWARD IV:
KING EDWARD IV:
KING EDWARD IV:
KING EDWARD IV:
KING EDWARD IV:
KING EDWARD IV:
KATHARINA:
KATHARINA:
KATHARINA:
KATHARINA:
KATHARINA:
KATHARINA:
KATHARINA:
KATHARINA:
KATHARINA:
KATHARINA:
KATHARINA:
KATHARINA:
KATHARINA:
KATHARINA:
KATHARINA:
KATHARINA:
KATHARINA:
KATHARINA:
KATHARINA:
KATHARINA:
KATHARINA:
KATHARINA:
KATHARINA:
KATHARINA:
KATHARINA:
KATHARINA:
KATHARINA:
KATHARINA:
KATHARINA:
KATHARINA:
KATHARINA:
KATHARINA:
KATHARINA:
KATHARINA:
KATHARINA:
KATHARINA:
KATHARINA:
KATHARINA:
KATHARINA:
KATHARINA:
KATHARINA:
KATHARINA:
KATHARINA:
KATHARINA:
KATHARINA:
KATHARINA:
KATHARINA:
KATHARINA:
KATHARINA:
KATHARINA:
KATHARINA:
KATHARINA:
KATHARINA:
KATHARINA:
KATHARINA:
KATHARINA:
KATHARINA:
KATHARINA:
KATHARINA:
KATHARINA:
KATHARINA:
KATHARINA:
KATHARINA:
KATHARINA:
KATHARINA:
KATHARINA:
KATHARINA:
KATHARINA:
KATHARINA:
KATHARINA:
KATHARINA:
KATHARINA:
KATHARINA:
KATHARINA:
KATHARINA:
KATHARINA:
KATHARINA:
KATHARINA:
KATHARINA:
KATHARINA:
KATHARINA:
KATARINA:
Justice:
Justice:
Justice:
Justice, O royal duke! Vail your regard
Justice design the victor's chivalry.
Just opposite to what thou justly seem'st,
Just of his colour. What if we do omit
Just in her case! O woful sympathy!
Just as my master had direction:
Julietta with child.
Juliet, the county stays.
Juliet, on Thursday early will I rouse ye:
Judge.
Joy to you, Mariana! Love her, Angelo:
Joy absent, grief is present for that time.
Jove's Mercury, and herald for a king!
Jove send her
Joint by joint, but we will know his purpose.
Join'd with Aufidius, leads a power 'gainst Rome,
Join'd in commission with him; but either
Join with the present sickness that I have;
Join not with grief, fair woman, do not so,
John Duke of Norfolk, Walter Lord Ferrers,
John Duke of Norfolk, Thomas Earl of Surrey,
Jog on, jog on, the foot-path way,
Jewel of children, seen this hour, he had pair'd
Jesu, what haste? can you not stay awhile?
Jesu Maria, what a deal of brine
James Tyrrel, and your most obedient subject.
Jacks; and if I cannot, I'll find those that shall.
JULIET:
JULIET:
JULIET:
JULIET:
JULIET:
JULIET:
JULIET:
JULIET:
JULIET:
JULIET:
JULIET:
JULIET:
JULIET:
JULIET:
JULIET:
JULIET:
JULIET:
JULIET:
JULIET:
JULIET:
JULIET:
JULIET:
JULIET:
JULIET:
JULIET:
JULIET:
JULIET:
JULIET:
JULIET:
JULIET:
JULIET:
JULIET:
JULIET:
JULIET:
JULIET:
JULIET:
JULIET:
JULIET:
JULIET:
JULIET:
JULIET:
JULIET:
JULIET:
JULIET:
JULIET:
JULIET:
JULIET:
JULIET:
JULIET:
JULIET:
JULIET:
JULIET:
JULIET:
JULIET:
JULIET:
JULIET:
JULIET:
JULIET:
JULIET:
JULIET:
JULIET:
JULIET:
JULIET:
JULIET:
JULIET:
JULIET:
JULIET:
JULIET:
JULIET:
JULIET:
JULIET:
JULIET:
JULIET:
JULIET:
JULIET:
JULIET:
JULIET:
JULIET:
JULIET:
JULIET:
JULIET:
JULIET:
JULIET:
JULIET:
JULIET:
JULIET:
JULIET:
JULIET:
JULIET:
JULIET:
JULIET:
JULIET:
JULIET:
JULIET:
JULIET:
JULIET:
JULIET:
JULIET:
JULIET:
JULIET:
JULIET:
JULIET:
JULIET:
JULIET:
JULIET:
JULIET:
JULIET:
JULIET:
JULIET:
JULIET:
JULIET:
JULIET:
JULIET:
JULIET:
JULIET:
JULIET:
JULIET:
JULIET:
JULIET:
JULIET:
JULIET:
JULIET:
JULIET:
JULIET:
JULIET:
JOSEPH:
JOHN OF GAUNT:
JOHN OF GAUNT:
JOHN OF GAUNT:
JOHN OF GAUNT:
JOHN OF GAUNT:
JOHN OF GAUNT:
JOHN OF GAUNT:
JOHN OF GAUNT:
JOHN OF GAUNT:
JOHN OF GAUNT:
JOHN OF GAUNT:
JOHN OF GAUNT:
JOHN OF GAUNT:
JOHN OF GAUNT:
JOHN OF GAUNT:
JOHN OF GAUNT:
JOHN OF GAUNT:
JOHN OF GAUNT:
JOHN OF GAUNT:
JOHN OF GAUNT:
JOHN OF GAUNT:
JOHN OF GAUNT:
JOHN OF GAUNT:
JOHN OF GAUNT:
JOHN OF GAUNT:
JOHN OF GAUNT:
JOHN OF GAUNT:
JOHN OF GAUNT:
JOHN MORTIMER:
Its tenderness, and make itself a pastime
Ithaca full of moths. Come; I would your cambric
Italian master, Julio Romano, who, had he himself
It's supper-time, my lord;
It's nine o'clock.
It would seem strange unto him when he waked.
It would control my dam's god, Setebos,
It would beseem the Lord Northumberland
It will the woefullest division prove
It will outrun you, father, in the end.
It will not be avoided but by this.
It will let in and out the enemy
It will be pastime passing excellent,
It will be dangerous to go on: no further.
It were no less; but yet I'll make a pause.
It were lost sorrow to wail one that's lost.
It were impossible I should speed amiss.
It were dishonour to deny it her.
It were a shame to let this land by lease;
It were a grief, so brief to part with thee: Farewell.
It was. What sadness lengthens Romeo's hours?
It was, villain, ere thy hand did set it down.
It was the swift celerity of his death,
It was the nightingale, and not the lark,
It was the lark, the herald of the morn,
It was the friar of orders grey,
It was my folly; if industriously
It was i' the offering!
It was his word: O, he would miss it rather
It was commanded so.
It was an answer: how apply you this?
It was a mad fantastical trick of him to steal from
It was a bare petition of a state
It toucheth you, my lord, as much as me.
It then remains
It strains me past the compass of my wits:
It stands your grace upon to do him right.
It stands in like request?
It sounds no more: and sure, it waits upon
It skills not much. we'll fit him to our turn,--
It should the good ship so have swallow'd and
It should be thus with him: he must die tomorrow.
It should be look'd to: come.
It shall not neither. You, sir, come you hither;
It shall go hard if Cambio go without her.
It shall become to serve all hopes conceived,
It shall be what o'clock I say it is.
It shall be to him then as our good wills,
It shall be still thy true love's recompense:
It shall be speeded well.
It shall be so; he shall to Brittany.
It shall be so.
It shall be so, it shall be so; let him away:
It shall be so, it shall be so.
It shall be seven ere I go to horse:
It shall be possible. Swear by this sword
It shall be moon, or star, or what I list,
It shall be eased, if France can yield relief.
It shall be done, my sovereign, with all speed.
It shall be Romeo, whom you know I hate,
It seldom visits sorrow; when it doth,
It seems she hangs upon the cheek of night
It seem'd, appear'd to Rome. By the discovery.
It rested in your grace
It rains downright.
It needs not, nor it boots thee not, proud queen,
It must needs be of subtle, tender and delicate
It must be great that can inherit us
It must be granted I am Duke of Lancaster.
It must and shall be so: content thyself.
It may not be.
It may be thought we held him carelessly,
It may be so; but yet my inward soul
It may be so, for it is not mine own.
It may be right; but you are i' the wrong
It may be I will go with you: but yet I'll pause;
It makes the consuls base: and my soul aches
It likes me well. Biondello, hie you home,
It lies much in your holding up. Haste you speedily
It issues from the rancour of a villain,
It is; you lie, you lie:
It is: may it be done?
It is: and lo, where youthful Edward comes!
It is, such crimson tempest should bedrench
It is, my lord.
It is, my lord.
It is, it is: hie hence, be gone, away!
It is, and wants but nomination.
It is yours;
It is your husband mock'd you with a husband.
It is your former promise.
It is war's prize to take all vantages;
It is true.
It is too rash, too unadvised, too sudden;
It is too little, helping him to all;
It is too heavy for your grace to wear.
It is too general a vice, and severity must cure it.
It is the quality o' the climate.
It is the law, not I condemn your brother:
It is the lark that sings so out of tune,
It is the issue of Polixenes:
It is the humane way: the other course
It is the east, and Juliet is the sun.
It is supposed, the fair creature died;
It is spoke freely out of many mouths--
It is some meteor that the sun exhales,
It is so, sir: truly, I have forgot you.
It is required
It is now apparent?
It is not yet near day. Come, go with me;
It is not truer he is Angelo
It is not my consent,
It is not his, my lord; here Southam lies:
It is no sin at all, but charity.
It is no other: show your wisdom, daughter,
It is my will, the which if thou respect,
It is my soul that calls upon my name:
It is my son, young Harry Percy,
It is my lady, O, it is my love!
It is my fashion, when I see a crab.
It is my Lord of Berkeley, as I guess.
It is in mine authority to command
It is his highness' pleasure that the queen
It is foul weather in us all, good sir,
It is for you we speak, not for ourselves:
It is fifteen years since I saw my country: though
It is extempore, from my mother-wit.
It is enough I may but call her mine.
It is determined, not concluded yet:
It is but needful:
It is apart
It is an honour that I dream not of.
It is an heretic that makes the fire,
It is a surplus of your grace, which never
It is a sleepy language and thou speak'st
It is a rupture that you may easily heal: and the
It is a reeling world, indeed, my lord;
It is a quarrel most unnatural,
It is a quarrel just and reasonable,
It is a purposed thing, and grows by plot,
It is a mind
It is a matter of small consequence,
It is a man's voice. Gentle Isabella,
It is a kind of history.
It is a comforter.
It is a bitter deputy.
It is a bawdy planet, that will strike
It is Lord Angelo.
It honour'd him.
It helps not, it prevails not: talk no more.
It grieves me for the death of Claudio;
It follows in his thought that I am he.
It fits, when such a villain is a guest:
It doth so, holy sir; and there's my master,
It doth remember me the more of sorrow;
It doth contain a king; King Richard lies
It did, it did; alas the day, it did!
It could not slake mine ire, nor ease my heart.
It carries a brave form. But 'tis a spirit.
It cannot fail but by
It cannot countervail the exchange of joy
It cannot be; for when I parted with him,
It cannot be.
It cannot be avoided but by this;
It came to us, I do in justice charge thee,
It burneth in the Capel's monument.
It boots thee not to be compassionate:
It boots not to resist both wind and tide.
It blots thy beauty as frosts do bite the meads,
It best agrees with night. Come, civil night,
It becomes thy oath full well,
It beats as it would fall in twenty pieces.
It be to do thee service.
It back to Tybalt, whose dexterity,
It adds more sorrow to my want of joy:
Isabel,
Is, to determine of the coronation.
Is, that by sudden floods and fall of waters,
Is, like a blasted sapling, wither'd up:
Is, I know how to curse. The red plague rid you
Is't so, indeed.
Is't possible, friend Licio, that Mistress Bianca
Is't possible you will away to-night?
Is't possible that so short a time can alter the
Is't not the tenor of his oracle,
Is't not enough thou hast suborn'd these women
Is't not a kind of incest, to take life
Is't lawful, pray you,
Is't a verdict?
Is your man secret? Did you ne'er hear say,
Is yet unanswer'd. I will to your father:
Is yet but unfelt thanks, which more enrich'd
Is worth of consuls, senators, patricians,
Is with a mighty power landed at Milford,
Is wise and virtuous, and his noble queen
Is whispering nothing?
Is very snow-broth; one who never feels
Is very good meat in lent
Is true and false; and what he with his oath
Is troth-plight to your daughter. Good Paulina,
Is too much for a score,
Is to himself--I will not say how true--
Is to become her husband and her father:
Is thy news good, or bad? answer to that;
Is thy name Tyrrel?
Is three long hours, yet she is not come.
Is thither gone, to crave the French king's sister
Is this your speeding? nay, then, good night our part!
Is this the promise that you made your mother?
Is this the poultice for my aching bones?
Is this the man that you did tell us of?
Is this the daughter of a king?
Is this the alliance that he seeks with France?
Is this of hers! Lord cardinal, will your grace
Is this done?
Is this Menenius?
Is thicker than a cuckold's horn,--or heard,--
Is there no remedy?
Is there no pity sitting in the clouds,
Is there no manners left among maids? will they
Is there more toil? Since thou dost give me pains,
Is there a murderer here?  No. Yes, I am:
Is the third man that e'er I saw, the first
Is the obedience to a master, one
Is the king's ship; in the deep nook, where once
Is the king dead? the empire unpossess'd?
Is the determined respite of my wrongs:
Is the day so young?
Is the chair empty? is the sword unsway'd?
Is the axe upon the block, sirrah?
Is the argument of Time. Of this allow,
Is that you reconcile them: while the Volsces
Is that the rebels have consumed with fire
Is that temptation that doth goad us on
Is that she is intolerable curst
Is that an answer?
Is that Camillo was an honest man;
Is straight and slender and as brown in hue
Is still a dying horror!
Is spotless reputation: that away,
Is so possess'd with guilt: come from thy ward,
Is she your cousin?
Is she so hot a shrew as she's reported?
Is she not proud? doth she not count her blest,
Is she not down so late, or up so early?
Is she become the suitor?
Is she a Capulet?
Is set afire by thine own ignorance,
Is richly noted and here justified
Is richly furnished with plate and gold;
Is quite beyond mine arm, out of the blank
Is put unto the trust of Richard Gloucester,
Is proclamation made, that who finds Edward
Is prisoner to the foe; his state usurp'd,
Is prisoner to the bishop here, at whose hands
Is pointing still, in cleansing them from tears.
Is piled upon his faith and will continue
Is partly to behold my lady's face;
Is pale cold cowardice in noble breasts.
Is of a king become a banish'd man,
Is numbering sands and drinking oceans dry:
Is now leased out, I die pronouncing it,
Is now dishonoured by this new marriage.
Is nothing left me but my body's length.
Is nothing kin to foul redemption.
Is not, sir, my doublet as fresh as the first day I
Is not your father grown incapable
Is not this well? Come, my sweet Kate:
Is not this suit of mine, that thou declare
Is not the king's name twenty thousand names?
Is not the causer of the timeless deaths
Is not so long as is a tedious tale.
Is not my teeming date drunk up with time?
Is not much miss'd, but with his friends:
Is not infected: but if one present
Is not his heir a well-deserving son?
Is not here passable.
Is not a dukedom, sir, a goodly gift?
Is not Gaunt dead, and doth not Hereford live?
Is new committed to the Bishop of York,
Is never free of. But, beseech your grace,
Is near the hate of those love not the king.
Is my strict fast; I mean, my children's looks;
Is my poor heart for a kinsman vex'd.
Is my master and his wife coming, Grumio?
Is my kinsman, whom the king hath wrong'd,
Is my dear son with such sour company:
Is mustering in his clouds on our behalf
Is much beyond our loss. Our hint of woe
Is more to bread than stone: hence shall we see,
Is more than one,
Is made my gaoler to attend on me.
Is love a tender thing? it is too rough,
Is longer than the tale thou dost excuse.
Is loathsome in his own deliciousness
Is like a good thing, being often read,
Is lighted on poor Hastings' wretched head!
Is lechery so look'd after?
Is leaning cheek to cheek? is meeting noses?
Is leaden servitor to dull delay;
Is kindling coals that fires all my breast,
Is it your will Claudio shall die tomorrow?
Is it upon record, or else reported
Is it true, think you?
Is it true too, think you?
Is it not yours?
Is it not too far gone? 'Tis time to part them.
Is it not strange and strange?
Is it not more than shame to shame it so?
Is it new and old too? how may that be?
Is it more sin to wish me thus forsworn,
Is it good den?
Is it for him you do envy me so?
Is it even so? then I defy you, stars!
Is it even so? rewards he my true service
Is it e'en so? why, then, I thank you all
Is it concluded that he shall be protector?
Is in the field, and still his power increaseth.
Is he won yet?
Is he not like thee? is he not thine own?
Is he gone, and hath nothing?
Is he come?
Is hack'd down, and his summer leaves all faded,
Is guilty of this lamentable chance!
Is gone to meet the king, who lately landed
Is goads, thorns, nettles, tails of wasps,
Is full of weeds, her fairest flowers choked up,
Is for my better grace. Adieu, my lord:
Is for a precious creature: as she's rare,
Is father, mother, Tybalt, Romeo, Juliet,
Is far beyond a prince's delicates,
Is fair and honest, and in his mistress' name
Is empty on the back of Montague,--
Is either slain or wounded dangerously;
Is doom'd a prisoner by proud Bolingbroke:
Is death to any he that utters them.
Is death mis-term'd: calling death banishment,
Is dead.
Is dangerous treason: he is come to open
Is crown'd so soon, and broke his solemn oath?
Is crimson in thy lips and in thy cheeks,
Is creeping toward me; how far off, how near;
Is crack'd, and all the precious liquor spilt,
Is counted lost for ever, Perdita,
Is common; every day some sailor's wife,
Is coming towards me, and my inward soul
Is colder tidings, yet they must be told.
Is colder than that theme, 'She had not been,
Is by the stern Lord Clifford done to death.
Is but a little way above our heads,
Is at the nuptial of his son a guest
Is as a meeting of the petty gods,
Is as a fury to torment my soul;
Is any woman wrong'd by this lewd fellow,
Is altogether just: therefore bring forth,
Is all unpossible.
Is all unknown to me, my gracious lady.
Is all the policy, strength and defence,
Is all the grace I beg.
Is all as monstrous to our human reason
Is a strange brooch in this all-hating world.
Is a foul traitor to proud Hereford's king:
Is a bold spirit in a loyal breast.
Is Signior Lucentio within, sir?
Is Rosaline, whom thou didst love so dear,
Is Romeo slaughter'd, and is Tybalt dead?
Is Lewis so brave? belike he thinks me Henry.
Is Edward your true king? for I were loath
Is Clarence, Henry, and his son young Edward,
Is Clarence dead? the order was reversed.
Is Bushy, Green, and the Earl of Wiltshire dead?
Irons of a doit, doublets that hangmen would
Iron of Naples hid with English gilt,
Iron may hold with her, but never lutes.
Intolerable, not to be endured!
Into this chiefest thicket of the park.
Into this breathing world, scarce half made up,
Into the tumbling billows of the main.
Into the fatal bowels of the deep.
Into the bowels of ungrateful Rome,
Into the blind cave of eternal night.
Into something rich and strange.
Into some covert: take your sweetheart's hat
Into his ruin'd ears, and thus deliver:
Into destruction cast him.
Into an auger's bore.
Into a rapture lets her baby cry
Into a goodly bulk: good time encounter her!
Into a cloven pine; within which rift
Interpretation should abuse and call this
Inter their bodies as becomes their births:
Intents but merely thoughts.
Intends you for his swift ambassador,
Intends to appear before the people, hoping
Intending deep suspicion: ghastly looks
Intended or committed was this fault?
Intended 'gainst Lord Angelo, came I hither,
Intend here to besiege you in your castle:
Insulting tyranny begins to jet
Insult without all reason, where gentry, title, wisdom,
Instinctively had quit it: there they hoist us,
Instead whereof let this supply the room:
Inspire us with the spleen of fiery dragons!
Insolent villain!
Insisting on the old prerogative
Inquire me out some mean-born gentleman,
Inquire at London, 'mongst the taverns there,
Injurious world! most damned Angelo!
Injurious Margaret!
Inherit at my house; hear all, all see,
Ingrate forgetfulness shall poison, rather
Infusing him with self and vain conceit,
Infused with a fortitude from heaven,
Infuse his breast with magnanimity
Inferring arguments of mighty force.
Inferreth arguments of mighty strength,
Infer the bastardy of Edward's children:
Infer fair England's peace by this alliance.
Infected as her life, she would not live
Inestimable stones, unvalued jewels,
Indeed, you shall not.
Indeed, no, by your patience; I'll not over the
Indeed, my lord,
Indeed, madam?
Indeed, left nothing fitting for the purpose
Indeed, la, 'tis a noble child.
Indeed, it does stink in some sort, sir; but yet,
Indeed, he should be a footman by the garments he
Indeed, brother-in-law was the farthest off you
Indeed, I should have ask'd you that before.
Indeed, I never shall be satisfied
Indeed, I have had earnest: but I cannot with
Indeed, I am no mourner for that news,
Indeed, 'tis true that Henry told me of;
Indeed I would be consul.
Inclining to them both: were my wife's liver
Inclinable to honour and advance
Inch-thick, knee-deep, o'er head and
Incertain lookers on. What were more holy
Incapable and shallow innocents,
In, in, in, in!
In your retirement, I had swinged him soundly.
In your lord's scale is nothing but himself,
In your embowell'd bosoms, this foul swine
In your condemned seconds.
In your close patience.
In winter's tedious nights sit by the fire
In whose success we are gentle,--I beseech you,
In whose cold blood no spark of honour bides.
In whom already he's well graced, can not
In wholesome manner.
In wholesome counsel to his unstaid youth?
In what vile part of this anatomy
In what enormity is Marcius poor in, that you two
In what I further shall intend to do,
In weightier things you'll say a beggar nay.
In weeping after this untimely bier.
In war was never lion raged more fierce,
In very good time: speak not you to him till we
In vain thou speak'st, poor boy; my father's blood
In unknown fathoms, will I break my oath
In truth, la, go with me; and I'll tell you
In truth, fair Montague, I am too fond,
In troth, there's wondrous things spoke of him.
In troth, I think she would. Fare you well, then.
In troops I have dispersed them 'bout the isle.
In token of which duty, if he please,
In to our tent; the air is raw and cold.
In time I may believe, yet I mistrust.
In thy not chiding, for she was as tender
In thy heart-blood, though being all too base
In thy hand clutch'd as many millions, in
In thy foul throat thou liest: Queen Margaret saw
In thy best robes uncover'd on the bier
In thrilling region of thick-ribbed ice;
In those unfledged days was my wife a girl;
In those foundations which I build upon,
In this your cousin's death.
In this which you accuse her.
In this the heaven figures some event.
In this so sudden business.
In this so never-needed help, yet do not
In this self-place where now we mean to stand.
In this resolve: I'll send a friar with speed
In this point charge him home, that he affects
In this our fabric, if that they--
In this just suit come I to move your grace.
In this hard rock, whiles you do keep from me
In this appeal as thou art all unjust;
In this I'll be impartial; be you judge
In these confusions. Heaven and yourself
In them and in ourselves our safety lies.
In them I trust; for they are soldiers,
In thee at once; which thou at once wouldst lose.
In the seat royal of this famous isle?
In the same time 'tis made? I will not.
In the remembrance of so fair a dream.
In the remembrance of a weeping queen.
In the preferment of the eldest sister.
In the mean time, against thou shalt awake,
In the main battle, whose puissance on either side
In the devotion of a subject's love,
In the delaying death.
In the deep bosom of the ocean buried.
In the dark backward and abysm of time?
In the base court? Come down? Down, court!
In the base court? Base court, where kings grow base,
In the Duke of Gloucester's purse.
In that's no changeling; and I must excuse
In that you brook it in, it makes him worse:
In that word's death; no words can that woe sound.
In that which seems so.
In that thou seest thy wretched brother die,
In that there's comfort.
In that he did the thing for which he died:
In that good path that I would wish it go,
In that dim monument where Tybalt lies.
In that dead time when Gloucester's death was plotted,
In that be made more bitter. Fear o'ershades me:
In that I live and for that will I die.
In tatter'd weeds, with overwhelming brows,
In supplication nod: and my young boy
In suffering thus thy brother to be slaughter'd,
In such a one as, you consenting to't,
In such a gorgeous palace!
In such a business.
In storm perpetual, could not move the gods
In stiff unwieldy arms against thy crown:
In stamps that are forbid: 'tis all as easy
In special business from his holiness.
In soothing them, we nourish 'gainst our senate
In some sort, sir: but though my case be a pitiful
In some large measure to thy father's death,
In so entitling me, and no less honest
In sign of what you are, not to reward
In sign of truth, I kiss your highness' hand.
In sign of league and amity with thee:
In sharing that which you have pill'd from me!
In shape no bigger than an agate-stone
In self-same manner doth accuse my husband,
In secret ambush on the forest side
In saying so, you shall but say the truth.
In sadness, cousin, I do love a woman.
In resolution as I swore before.
In rage deaf as the sea, hasty as fire.
In puny battle slay me.
In proof whereof, there is my honour's pawn;
In profiting by them. Nay, call us ten times frail;
In prenzie guards! Dost thou think, Claudio?
In praises sauced with lies.
In peril to incur your former malady,
In peril of precipitation
In penalty alike; and 'tis not hard, I think,
In peace, to his utmost peril.
In peace what each of them by the other lose,
In peace was never gentle lamb more mild,
In our well-found successes, to report
In our remove be thou at full ourself;
In our first way.
In one respect I'll thy assistant be;
In name of lendings for your highness' soldiers,
In my opinion, ought to be prevented.
In my just censure, in my true opinion!
In my green velvet coat, my dagger muzzled,
In my behalf; my reputation stain'd
In music, instruments and poetry,
In murders and in outrage, boldly here;
In most uneven and distracted manner. His actions
In more than this deed does require! And blessing
In moral paradise of such sweet flesh?
In mine own person; holp to reap the fame
In mine own cell, till thou didst seek to violate
In me it seems it will make wise men mad.
In many singularities; but we saw not
In man as well as herbs, grace and rude will;
In love?
In lists, on Thomas Mowbray, Duke of Norfolk,
In levity: since which time of five years
In leads or oils? what old or newer torture
In lasting labour of his pilgrimage!
In ivory coffers I have stuff'd my crowns;
In ignorant concealment.
In humours like the people of this world,
In human action and capacity,
In honour follows Coriolanus.
In his tongue.
In his behalf.
In him, a royal prince, and many moe
In him there is a hope of government,
In him that did object the same to thee;
In hewing Rutland when his leaves put forth,
In herbs, plants, stones, and their true qualities:
In her imagined person.
In her consists my happiness and thine;
In her chamber, making a sermon of continency to her;
In heaps and piles of ruin.
In hateful practise. First, his integrity
In haste, post-haste, are come to join with you:
In haste whereof, most heartily I pray
In hand and hope of action: but we do learn
In half an hour she promised to return.
In gross rebellion and detested treason:
In good time.
In gait and countenance surely like a father.
In following this usurping Henry.
In few, they hurried us aboard a bark,
In faith, I will. Let me peruse this face.
In fair Bohemia, and remember well,
In execution.
In every one of these no man is free,
In every mess have folly and the feeders
In every county as we go along.
In every borough as we pass along;
In earth as quiet as thy father's skull:
In earnestness to see him: seld-shown flamens
In earnest, it's true; I heard a senator speak it.
In dreadful war mayst thou be overcome,
In dignity, and for the liberal arts
In deep designs and matters of great moment,
In dear employment: therefore hence, be gone:
In deadly hate the one against the other:
In cypress chests my arras counterpoints,
In countenance! Heaven shield your grace from woe,
In countenance somewhat doth resemble you.
In corporal sufferance finds a pang as great
In congregations, to yawn, be still and wonder,
In common worldly things, 'tis call'd ungrateful,
In choosing for yourself, you show'd your judgment,
In carrion-flies than Romeo: they my seize
In brief,--for so the season bids us be,--
In brief, to set the needless process by,
In brief, sir, study what you most affect.
In brief, sir, sith it your pleasure is,
In braving arms against thy sovereign.
In bolted language; meal and bran together
In blood of those that had encounter'd him:
In being so blest! There may be in the cup
In being Coriolanus.
In bed asleep, while they do dream things true.
In base appliances. This outward-sainted deputy,
In aught he merit not.
In asking their good loves, but thou wilt frame
In arms as sound as when I woo'd, in heart
In any proportion or in any language.
In any chastisement: I for a while will leave you;
In anger, Juno-like. Come, come, come.
In an ungracious mouth is but profane.
In an odd angle of the isle and sitting,
In all which time you and your husband Grey
In all this presence that hath moved me so.
In all these circumstances I'll instruct you:
In all respects by me; nay, more, I doubt it not.
In all my lands and leases whatsoever:
In all his own desires; nay, let him choose
In all his dressings, characts, titles, forms,
In all her best array bear her to church:
In action all of precept, he did show me
In acclamations hyperbolical;
In a most dear particular. He call'd me father:
In Whitsun pastorals: sure this robe of mine
In Warwickshire I have true-hearted friends,
In Volscian breasts. That we have been familiar,
In Ross and Willoughby, wanting your company,
In Oxfordshire shalt muster up thy friends.
In Margaret's battle at Saint Alban's slain?
In London streets, that coronation-day,
In Jove's own book, like an unnatural dam
In Italy, and her confederate arms,
In God's name, what art thou?
In God's name, speak: when is the royal day?
In God's name, lead; your king's name be obey'd:
In God's name, cheerly on, courageous friends,
In God's name, I'll ascend the regal throne.
In God's name what are you, and how came you hither?
In God's name and the king's, say who thou art
In Brittany, received intelligence
Imprison'd thou didst painfully remain
Implore her, in my voice, that she make friends
Imparts this; which if you, or stupefied
Impairing Henry, strengthening misproud York,
Imp out our drooping country's broken wing,
Immoderately she weeps for Tybalt's death,
Immediately we do exile him hence:
Immediate sentence then and sequent death
Immaculate devotion, holy thoughts,
Imagine howling: 'tis too horrible!
Imagine I have said farewell already.
Imagine 'twere the right Vincentio.
Ill mayst thou thrive, if thou grant any grace!
Ill in myself to see, and in thee seeing ill.
Ill blows the wind that profits nobody.
Ignomy in ransom and free pardon
If, rather than to marry County Paris,
If, one by one, you wedded all the world,
If, in thy wisdom, thou canst give no help,
If, by the tribunes' leave, and yours, good people,
If, as his nature is, he fall in rage
If, Tullus,
If, Biondello, thou wert come ashore,
If!
If your worship will take order for the drabs and
If your more ponderous and settled project
If you'll stand fast, we'll beat them to their wives,
If you'll not here proclaim yourself our king,
If you'll implore it, that will free your life,
If you'll bestow a small--of what you have little--
If you would seek us,
If you would not so,
If you will live, lament; if die, be brief,
If you thrive well, bring them to Baynard's Castle;
If you submit you to the people's voices,
If you strike me, you are no gentleman;
If you should smile he grows impatient.
If you shall chance, Camillo, to visit Bohemia, on
If you refuse it,--as, in love and zeal,
If you may please to think I love the king
If you like me, she shall have me and mine.
If you know aught which does behove my knowledge
If you head and hang all that offend that way but
If you have writ your annals true, 'tis there,
If you have heard your general talk of Rome,
If you had been the wife of Hercules,
If you first sinn'd with us and that with us
If you do, sir, I am for you: I serve as good a man as you.
If you do wrongfully seize Hereford's rights,
If you do sweat to put a tyrant down,
If you do hold the same intent wherein
If you do free your children from the sword,
If you do fight in safeguard of your wives,
If you do fight against your country's foes,
If you contend, a thousand lives must wither.
If you be one, as you are well express'd
If you be maid or no?
If you be king, why should not I succeed?
If you be hired for meed, go back again,
If you affect him, sister, here I swear
If you advise it.
If you accept them, then their worth is great.
If yet your gentle souls fly in the air
If yet her brother's pardon be come hither:
If without peril it be possible,
If whilst I live she will be only mine.
If what thou speak'st speak not of remedy.
If wealthily, then happily in Padua.
If we would have you.
If we will keep in favour with the king,
If we prevail, their heads shall pay for it:
If we be not, show us the hand of God
If we and Caius Marcius chance to meet,
If to reprove you for this suit of yours,
If to have done the thing you gave in charge
If to either, thou dost ill.
If tinkers may have leave to live,
If thy revengeful heart cannot forgive,
If thy offences were upon record,
If thou wilt outstrip death, go cross the seas,
If thou remember'st aught ere thou camest here,
If thou neglect'st or dost unwillingly
If thou more murmur'st, I will rend an oak
If thou love me, 'tis time thou wert away.
If thou inclinest that way, thou art a coward,
If thou hadst fear'd to break an oath by Him,
If thou hadst fear'd to break an oath by Him,
If thou dost love, pronounce it faithfully:
If thou dost find him tractable to us,
If thou do pardon, whosoever pray,
If thou deny, their blood upon thy head;
If thou deny'st it twenty times, thou liest;
If thou delight to view thy heinous deeds,
If thou be there, sweet brother, take my hand.
If thou be merciful,
If thou art taken: hence, be gone, away!
If thou art fickle, what dost thou with him.
If thou art dun, we'll draw thee from the mire
If this right hand would buy two hour's life,
If this prove true, they'll pay for't:
If this might be a brother.
If this inducement force her not to love,
If this foul deed were by to equal it:
If this be nothing.
If this be magic, let it be an art
If this be courtesy, sir, accept of it.
If they were his assistants, yea or no;
If they set down before 's, for the remove
If they have overheard me now, why, hanging.
If they have done this thing, my gracious lord--
If they do see thee, they will murder thee.
If they be senators: and they are no less,
If these shows be not outward, which of you
If therefore you dare trust my honesty,
If then we shall shake off our slavish yoke,
If the man be a bachelor, sir, I can; but if he be a
If the law would allow it, sir.
If the king had no son, they would desire to live
If the ill spirit have so fair a house,
If the first that did the edict infringe
If the event o' the journey
If the duke with the other dukes come not to
If that your moody discontented souls
If that thy valour stand on sympathy,
If that thy bent of love be honourable,
If that shepherd be not in hand-fast, let him fly:
If that our noble father be alive?
If that my cousin king be King of England,
If that be sin, I'll make it my morn prayer
If that be right which Warwick says is right,
If that be jest, then all the rest was so.
If that be all, masters, I hear no harm.
If that I could for weeping, you should hear,--
If sorrow can admit society,
If so, then be not tongue-tied: go with me.
If so your heart were touch'd with that remorse
If so thou think'st, vex him with eager words.
If she pertain to life let her speak too.
If she have time to breathe be well assured
If she had not a spirit to resist.
If she do bid me pack, I'll give her thanks,
If she did know me one. Away with her!
If she deny, Lord Hastings, go with him,
If she deny to wed, I'll crave the day
If she dares trust me with her little babe,
If she be mad,--as I believe no other,--
If she be curst, it is for policy,
If she and I be pleased, what's that to you?
If secret powers
If presently you will take horse with him,
If power change purpose, what our seemers be.
If on the first, how heinous e'er it be,
If now I court not but omit, my fortunes
If not, why cease you till you are so?
If not, the city being but of small defence,
If not, that, I being queen, you bow like subjects,
If not, our swords shall plead it in the field.
If not, my senses, better pleased with madness,
If not, how best to bear it.
If not, elsewhere they meet with charity:
If not, Signior Gremio:
If not, I'll use the advantage of my power
If not to fight with foreign enemies,
If not to answer, you might haply think
If not most mortal to him. But, let it come.
If not by war, by surfeit die your king,
If not already.
If not a feodary, but only he
If non to bless us and the land withal,
If no inconstant toy, nor womanish fear,
If never, yet that Time himself doth say
If my heart's dear love--
If murdering innocents be executing,
If love have touch'd you, nought remains but so,
If love be rough with you, be rough with love;
If love be blind, love cannot hit the mark.
If judgement lie in them, then so do we,
If it? please your honour, I know not well what they
If it would please him come and marry her!'
If it were so,--
If it were so that our request did tend
If it were damnable, he being so wise,
If it prove
If it be so, then both depart to him;
If it be so, sir, that you are the man
If it be so, out with it boldly, man;
If it be so,
If it be possible for you to displace it with your
If it be ne'er so false, a true gentleman may swear
If it be husbanded with modesty.
If it be honour in your wars to seem
If it Please your honour, I am the poor duke's
If is, my liege; and all things are in readiness.
If honour may be shrouded in a hearse,
If his own life answer the straitness of his
If heaven will take the present at our hands.
If heaven have any grievous plague in store
If he were seated as King Edward is.
If he were putting to my house the brand
If he were known alive?
If he were dead, what would betide of me?
If he took you a box o' the ear, you might have your
If he should still malignantly remain
If he may be repeal'd, to try his honour.
If he had gone forth consul, found it so.
If he had been as you and you as he,
If he did not care whether he had their love or no,
If he be slain, say 'I'; or if not, no:
If he be put upon 't; and that's as easy
If he be less, he's nothing; but he's more,
If he be leaden, icy-cold, unwilling,
If he be credulous and trust my tale,
If he arise, be mock'd and wonder'd at.
If he appeal the duke on ancient malice;
If guilty dread have left thee so much strength
If grace had bless'd thee with a fairer life.
If good, thou shamest the music of sweet news
If from me he have wholesome beverage,
If friend or foe, let him be gently used.
If fortune serve me, I'll requite this kindness.
If for the last, say ay, and to it, lords.
If ever you have spent time worse ere now;
If ever you disturb our streets again,
If ever he have wife, let her he made
If ever he have child, abortive be it,
If ever any grudge were lodged between us;
If ever I were wilful-negligent,
If either of you both love Katharina,
If e'er thou wast thyself and these woes thine,
If e'er again I meet him beard to beard,
If could speak so wisely under an arrest, I would
If case some one of you would fly from us,
If by your art, my dearest father, you have
If by the way they be not fought withal.
If but one of his pockets could speak, would it not
If at home, sir,
If any think brave death outweighs bad life
If any such be here--as God forbid!--
If any spark of life be yet remaining,
If any plague hang over us, 'tis he.
If any of my kinsmen find thee here.
If any in Vienna be of worth
If any be, the trespass of the queen.
If ancient sorrow be most reverend,
If all else fail, myself have power to die.
If Warwick take us we are sure to die.
If Warwick knew in what estate he stands,
If Warwick be so near as men report.
If Marcius should be join'd with Volscians,--
If I would yield him my virginity,
If I were not in love with Mopsa, thou shouldst take
If I unwittingly, or in my rage,
If I thought that, I tell thee, homicide,
If I thou protector of this damned strumpet--
If I should tell thee o'er this thy day's work,
If I should be! I had rather be a pedlar:
If I say fine, cry 'Fine;' if death, cry 'Death.'
If I revolt, off goes young George's head;
If I prove honey-mouth'd let my tongue blister
If I pervert your course. Who's here?
If I must not, I need not be barren of accusations;
If I might die within this hour, I have lived
If I may trust the flattering truth of sleep,
If I may have your daughter to my wife,
If I may ever know thou dost but sigh
If I may counsel you, some day or two
If I know how or which way to order these affairs
If I have kill'd the issue of your womb,
If I had thought the sight of my poor image
If I had a mind to be honest, I see Fortune would
If I fly, Marcius,
If I do so, it will be of more price,
If I do lose thee, I do lose a thing
If I did take the kingdom from your sons,
If I did stay to look on his intents.
If I dare eat, or drink, or breathe, or live,
If I could shake off but one seven years
If I be waspish, best beware my sting.
If I be traitor or unjustly fight!
If I be so disgracious in your sight,
If I be not, heavens be revenged on me!
If I achieve not this young modest girl.
If He, which is the top of judgment, should
If God will be revenged for this deed.
If God prevent not, I purpose so.
If 'twere not she, I cannot tell who told me.
If 'gainst yourself you be incensed, we'll put you,
ISABELLA:
ISABELLA:
ISABELLA:
ISABELLA:
ISABELLA:
ISABELLA:
ISABELLA:
ISABELLA:
ISABELLA:
ISABELLA:
ISABELLA:
ISABELLA:
ISABELLA:
ISABELLA:
ISABELLA:
ISABELLA:
ISABELLA:
ISABELLA:
ISABELLA:
ISABELLA:
ISABELLA:
ISABELLA:
ISABELLA:
ISABELLA:
ISABELLA:
ISABELLA:
ISABELLA:
ISABELLA:
ISABELLA:
ISABELLA:
ISABELLA:
ISABELLA:
ISABELLA:
ISABELLA:
ISABELLA:
ISABELLA:
ISABELLA:
ISABELLA:
ISABELLA:
ISABELLA:
ISABELLA:
ISABELLA:
ISABELLA:
ISABELLA:
ISABELLA:
ISABELLA:
ISABELLA:
ISABELLA:
ISABELLA:
ISABELLA:
ISABELLA:
ISABELLA:
ISABELLA:
ISABELLA:
ISABELLA:
ISABELLA:
ISABELLA:
ISABELLA:
ISABELLA:
ISABELLA:
ISABELLA:
ISABELLA:
ISABELLA:
ISABELLA:
ISABELLA:
ISABELLA:
ISABELLA:
ISABELLA:
ISABELLA:
ISABELLA:
ISABELLA:
ISABELLA:
ISABELLA:
ISABELLA:
ISABELLA:
ISABELLA:
ISABELLA:
ISABELLA:
ISABELLA:
ISABELLA:
ISABELLA:
ISABELLA:
ISABELLA:
ISABELLA:
ISABELLA:
ISABELLA:
ISABELLA:
ISABELLA:
ISABELLA:
ISABELLA:
ISABELLA:
ISABELLA:
ISABELLA:
ISABELLA:
ISABELLA:
ISABELLA:
ISABELLA:
ISABELLA:
ISABELLA:
ISABELLA:
ISABELLA:
ISABELLA:
ISABELLA:
ISABELLA:
ISABELLA:
ISABELLA:
ISABELLA:
ISABELLA:
ISABELLA:
ISABELLA:
ISABELLA:
ISABELLA:
ISABELLA:
ISABELLA:
ISABELLA:
ISABELLA:
ISABELLA:
ISABELLA:
ISABELLA:
ISABELLA:
ISABELLA:
ISABELLA:
ISABELLA:
ISABELLA:
ISABELLA:
ISABELLA:
ISABELLA:
ISABELLA:
ISABELLA:
I.
I, with blowing the fire, shall warm myself; for,
I, thus neglecting worldly ends, all dedicated
I, then in London keeper of the king,
I, that please some, try all, both joy and terror
I, that have neither pity, love, nor fear.
I, that did never weep, now melt with woe
I, that am rudely stamp'd, and want love's majesty
I, that am curtail'd of this fair proportion,
I, sir! ne'er a whit.
I, now the voice of the recorded law,
I, not remembering how I cried out then,
I, measuring his affections by my own,
I, like a child, will go by thy direction.
I, in probation of a sisterhood,
I, even I: what think you of it, madam?
I, by attorney, bless thee from thy mother
I, as I may--that which I would I cannot,--
I, Daedalus; my poor boy, Icarus;
I've hope to live, and am prepared to die.
I'm out of patience.
I'll write unto them and entreat them fair.
I'll win our ancient right in France again,
I'll wear the willow garland for his sake.'
I'll wear the willow garland for his sake.
I'll warrant him for drowning; though the ship were
I'll wait upon your lordship.
I'll wait upon your honour.
I'll venture so much of my hawk or hound,
I'll use that tongue I have: if wit flow from't
I'll undertake to land them on our coast
I'll undertake 't:
I'll try whether my old wit be in request
I'll try how you can sol, fa, and sing it.
I'll to the queen: please you,
I'll to the king; and signify to him
I'll to the friar, to know his remedy:
I'll to my rest.
I'll to him; he is hid at Laurence' cell.
I'll throw thy body in another room
I'll tell you, Sir Lucentio: when the priest
I'll tell you what; I think it is our way,
I'll tell you what, my cousin Buckingham,--
I'll tell you news indifferent good for either.
I'll tell you how these lands are to be got.
I'll tell thee, ere thou ask it me again.
I'll tell thee what befell me on a day
I'll tell thee as we pass; but this I pray,
I'll tell him yet of Angelo's request,
I'll tell him what you say, my lord.
I'll tell him of you.
I'll teach you how you shall arraign your conscience,
I'll take it as a peril to my soul,
I'll swear for 'em.
I'll strive, with troubled thoughts, to take a nap,
I'll steal away.
I'll stay above the hill, so both may shoot.
I'll speak of her no more, nor of your children;
I'll slit the villain's nose, that would have sent
I'll slay more gazers than the basilisk;
I'll show't the king and undertake to be
I'll set a bank of rue, sour herb of grace:
I'll send some packing that yet think not on it.
I'll send him certain word of my success.
I'll see your grace: till then I'll follow her.
I'll see what I can do.
I'll see thee hang'd on Sunday first.
I'll say yon grey is not the morning's eye,
I'll run away till I am bigger, but then I'll fight.
I'll rest betide the chamber where thou liest!
I'll reconcile me to Polixenes,
I'll prove the contrary, if you'll hear me speak.
I'll prove a tyrant to him. As for you,
I'll privily away. I love the people,
I'll pray a thousand prayers for thy death,
I'll point you where you shall have such receiving
I'll plead for you myself, but you shall have
I'll play the orator as well as Nestor,
I'll play the housewife for this once. What, ho!
I'll plant Plantagenet, root him up who dares:
I'll pheeze you, in faith.
I'll perfect him withal, and he shall bring you
I'll pay that doctrine, or else die in debt.
I'll pawn the little blood which I have left
I'll not to bed to-night; let me alone;
I'll not to Rome, I'll back with you; and pray you,
I'll not remember you of my own lord,
I'll not put
I'll not meddle with it: it is a dangerous thing: it
I'll not endure him.
I'll not believe but they ascend the sky,
I'll not be tied to hours nor 'pointed times,
I'll not be long behind; though I be old,
I'll not be by the while: my liege, farewell:
I'll none of it: hence! make your best of it.
I'll no gainsaying.
I'll never pause again, never stand still,
I'll muster up my friends, and meet your grace
I'll mend it with a largess. Take your paper too,
I'll manacle thy neck and feet together:
I'll make you quiet. What, cheerly, my hearts!
I'll make the statue move indeed, descend
I'll make my heaven to dream upon the crown,
I'll make my heaven in a lady's lap,
I'll make him glad to seem Vincentio,
I'll make all speed.
I'll make a voyage to the Holy Land,
I'll make a corse of him that disobeys.
I'll look to like, if looking liking move:
I'll lend you all my life to do you service.
I'll leave you: pray you, speak to 'em, I pray you,
I'll leave you to your fortune and be gone
I'll leave my son my virtuous deeds behind;
I'll leave her houses three or four as good,
I'll lean upon one crutch and fight with t'other,
I'll lay fourteen of my teeth,--
I'll know his grievance, or be much denied.
I'll know
I'll kill my horse, because I will not fly.
I'll keep you company. Will you along?
I'll keep mine own, despite of all the world.
I'll join with black despair against my soul,
I'll join mine eldest daughter and my joy
I'll in, to urge his hatred more to Clarence,
I'll in to counsel them; haply my presence
I'll hence to London on a serious matter:
I'll hence forthwith unto the sanctuary,
I'll help thee: come, lend me thy hand.
I'll hear you by and by.
I'll hear no more: die, prophet in thy speech:
I'll have thy beauty scratch'd with briers, and made
I'll have this knot knit up to-morrow morning.
I'll have this crown of mine cut from my shoulders
I'll have no wife, Paulina.
I'll have no halves; I'll bear it all myself.
I'll have no bigger: this doth fit the time,
I'll have mine action of battery on thee.
I'll have her; but I will not keep her long.
I'll have five hundred voices of that sound.
I'll ha' thee burnt.
I'll grace thee with that robbery, thy stol'n name
I'll go to him, and undertake to bring him
I'll go and chat with Paris: hie, make haste,
I'll go along, no such sight to be shown,
I'll go along with you.
I'll gladly learn.
I'll give thee armour to keep off that word:
I'll give no blemish to her honour, none.
I'll give my reasons,
I'll give my jewels for a set of beads,
I'll geld 'em all; fourteen they shall not see,
I'll frown and be perverse an say thee nay,
I'll frame convenient peace. Now, good Aufidius,
I'll follow you, and tell what answer
I'll follow thee a month, devise with thee
I'll follow instantly.
I'll find about the making of the bed;
I'll fill your grave up: stir, nay, come away,
I'll fight with none but thee; for I do hate thee
I'll fa you; do you note me?
I'll drown you in the malmsey-butt within.
I'll drown more sailors than the mermaid shall;
I'll draw the form and model of our battle,
I'll draw the curtain:
I'll draw it as apparent to the crown,
I'll do't, my lord.
I'll do well yet. Thou old and true Menenius,
I'll do thee service for so good a gift.
I'll do his country service.
I'll claim that promise at your grace's hands.
I'll call them back again to comfort me:
I'll buy him of you.
I'll bury thee in a triumphant grave;
I'll buckler thee against a million.
I'll bring mine action on the proudest he
I'll bring him to you.
I'll blush you thanks.
I'll bear thee hence; and let them fight that will,
I'll bear thee hence, where I may weep my fill.
I'll be with you at your sheep-shearing too: if I
I'll be supposed upon a book, his face is the worst
I'll be his surety.
I'll be hanged first: thou art deceived in me,
I'll be at charges for a looking-glass,
I'll be a candle-holder, and look on.
I'll answer thee in any fair degree,
I'll after him, and see the event of this.
I'ld with thee every foot.
I'ld throw it down for your deliverance
I'ld not have show'd it.
I'ld have you do it ever: when you sing,
I'ld have you buy and sell so, so give alms,
I'faith, sir, you shall never need to fear:
I'd not have given a doit. Hark, how they joy!
I' the way of flattery further.
I' the war do grow together: grant that, and tell me,
I' the virtue of your daughter: one being dead,
I' the shoulder and i' the left arm there will be
I' the right and strength o' the commons,' be it either
I' the plain way of his merit.
I' the part that is at mercy? Five times, Marcius,
I' the name of me--
I' the midst o' the body, idle and unactive,
I' the field prove flatterers, let courts and cities be
I' the eyes of heaven and to you; I mean,
I' the end admire, where ladies shall be frighted,
I' the commonwealth I would by contraries
I' the city of kites and crows.
I' the city of kites and crows! What an ass it is!
I' the boldness of your speech.
I' the body of the weal; and now, arriving
I' the absence of the needer.
I' fecks!
I' faith, he'll have a lusty widow now,
I' faith, I am sorry that thou art not well.
I yield all this;
I would, that I might thank you as you call me.
I would your spirit were easier for advice,
I would your highness would depart the field:
I would your duty were as foolish too:
I would you rather had been silent. Please you
I would you had been by the ship side, to have
I would you did but see how it chafes, how it rages,
I would with such perfection govern, sir,
I would wish me only he.
I would to heaven I had your potency,
I would to God, my lords, he might be found:
I would to God that the inclusive verge
I would to God my heart were flint, like Edward's;
I would to God all strifes were well compounded.
I would thou wert so happy by thy stay,
I would thou hadst my bones, and I thy news:
I would thou hadst done so by Claudio.
I would they would forget me, like the virtues
I would they were, that I might die at once;
I would they were in Tiber! What the vengeance!
I would they were barbarians--as they are,
I would they were abed!
I would these dewy tears were from the ground.
I would there were no age between sixteen and
I would the gods had nothing else to do
I would the fool were married to her grave!
I would speak with Clarence, and I came hither on my legs.
I would say thou hadst suck'd wisdom from thy teat.
I would say the truth; but to accuse him so,
I would prolong awhile the traitor's life.
I would not--though 'tis my familiar sin
I would not wed her for a mine of gold.
I would not spend another such a night,
I would not lose the dog for twenty pound.
I would not for the world they saw thee here.
I would not for the wealth of all the town
I would not be a stander-by to hear
I would not be a Roman, of all nations; I had as
I would my skill were subject to thy curse.
I would most gladly know the issue of it.
I would land-damn him. Be she honour-flaw'd,
I would he knew that I had saved his brother!
I would he had.
I would he had continued to his country
I would have had you put your power well on,
I would have been a-bed an hour ago.
I would have 'voided thee, but in mere spite,
I would fain say, bleed tears, for I am sure my
I would esteem him worth a dozen such.
I would do more than that, if more were needful.
I would dissemble with my nature where
I would break a thousand oaths to reign one year.
I would be so triumphant as I am?
I would attach you all and make you stoop
I would assay, proud queen, to make thee blush.
I would appeach him.
I would adventure for such merchandise.
I would I were, to be revenged on thee.
I would I were thy bird.
I would I were as sure of a good dinner.
I would I were a Roman; for I cannot,
I would I knew thy heart.
I would I had some flowers o' the spring that might
I would Friar Peter--
I wonder how the king escaped our hands.
I wonder how our princely father 'scaped,
I wonder at this haste; that I must wed
I wish't might fall on me, when I was found
I wish you now, then;
I wish no better
I wish I had a cause to seek him there,
I wis your grandam had a worser match.
I wis it is not half way to her heart;
I willingly obey your command.
I will, my lord: God give your grace good rest!
I will, my lord.
I will, my lord.
I will, as 'twere a brother of your order,
I will, and know her mind early to-morrow;
I will withdraw: but this intrusion shall
I will with you, if you be so contented,
I will with all expedient duty see you:
I will wish her speedy strength, and visit her with
I will unfold some causes of your deaths.
I will trust you. Walk before toward the sea-side;
I will to Venice; Sunday comes apace:
I will then give it you soundly.
I will tell you
I will tell the king all, every word, yea, and his
I will tell her, sir, that you do protest; which, as
I will take order for her keeping close.
I will stand betwixt you and danger.
I will some other be, some Florentine,
I will seem friendly, as thou hast advised me.
I will revenge his wrong to Lady Bona,
I will respect thee as a father if
I will resolve your grace immediately.
I will resist such entertainment till
I will prove so, sir, to my power.
I will proclaim thee, Angelo; look for't:
I will pray, Pompey, to increase your bondage: If
I will perform it to enfranchise you.
I will omit no opportunity
I will not trust you, sir.
I will not sup to-night.
I will not sleep, Hortensio, till I see her;
I will not seal your knowledge with showing them. I
I will not ruinate my father's house,
I will not rise, unless your highness grant.
I will not reason what is meant hereby,
I will not peace. What is the matter, Aumerle.
I will not marry yet; and, when I do, I swear,
I will not hence, till, with my talk and tears,
I will not hear thee speak. This man, Aufidius,
I will not go to-day; and ere I do,
I will not fail: 'tis twenty years till then.
I will not do't.
I will not dine until I see the same.
I will not budge for no man's pleasure, I.
I will not be the executioner.
I will not bandy with thee word for word,
I will make my very house reel tonight: a letter for
I will lead forth my soldiers to the plain,
I will in, to be revenged for this villany.
I will go wash;
I will go meet the ladies. This Volumnia
I will go darkly to work with her.
I will give you the minstrel.
I will frown as I pass by, and let them take it as
I will follow you.
I will encounter darkness as a bride,
I will discharge thee.
I will devise a death as cruel for thee
I will despair, and be at enmity
I will converse with iron-witted fools
I will continue that I broach'd in jest.
I will confess to you that I love him.
I will confess she was not Edward's daughter.
I will bite thee by the ear for that jest.
I will bethink me: come again tomorrow.
I will be very kind, and liberal
I will be sure my Katharina shall be fine.
I will be squared by this. I do believe
I will be satisfied; let me see the writing.
I will be satisfied; let me see it, I say.
I will be mild and gentle in my speech.
I will be master of what is mine own:
I will be married to a wealthy widow,
I will be his conduct.
I will be gone, sir, and not trouble you.
I will be deaf to pleading and excuses;
I will be correspondent to command
I will be brief, for my short date of breath
I will be angry: what hast thou to do?
I will away towards Barnet presently,
I will avouch in presence of the king:
I will attend her here,
I will appear, and fight.
I will appeach the villain.
I will about it straight;
I were a baby still. I love you better.
I went
I well might hear, delivered with a groan,
I weigh it lightly, were it heavier.
I wasted time, and now doth time waste me;
I was; but I do find more pain in banishment
I was, my lord.
I was your mother much upon these years
I was too strict to make mine own away;
I was too hot to do somebody good,
I was the chief that raised him to the crown,
I was provoked by her slanderous tongue,
I was promised them against the feast; but they come
I was once before him for getting a wench with child.
I was not much afeard; for once or twice
I was moved withal.
I was forced to scold. Your judgments, my grave lords,
I was by at the opening of the fardel, heard the old
I was anointed king at nine months old;
I was adopted heir by his consent:
I was about to speak and tell him plainly,
I was a poor groom of thy stable, king,
I was a pack-horse in his great affairs;
I warrant, an I should live a thousand years,
I warrant your honour.
I warrant you.
I warrant you, my lord.
I warrant they have made peace with Bolingbroke.
I warrant thee.
I warrant thee, my man's as true as steel.
I warrant it is: and thy head stands so tickle on
I warrant him, Petruchio is Kated.
I warrant him consul.
I want more uncles here to welcome me.
I wander from the jewels that I love.
I wake before the time that Romeo
I vow by heaven these eyes shall never close.
I very well agree with you in the hopes of him: it
I urged our old acquaintance, and the drops
I understand thee well; and be thou sure,
I understand the business, I hear it: to have an
I twice five hundred and their friends to piece 'em.
I turn my glass and give my scene such growing
I trust I shall. My women, come; you have leave.
I trembling waked, and for a season after
I tore it from the traitor's bosom, king;
I took him for the plainest harmless creature
I took an oath that he should quietly reign.
I told your majesty as much before:
I told you. Lord Angelo, belike thinking me remiss
I told you, I, he was a frantic fool,
I told you what would come of this: beseech you,
I told him that your father was at Venice,
I told her so, my lord,
I to buy for our sheep-shearing feast? Three pound
I throw my hands, mine eyes, my heart to thee,
I thought, by your readiness in the office, you had
I thought, at least, he would have said the king;
I thought your marriage fit; else imputation,
I thought you had been willing to resign.
I thought to crush him in an equal force,
I thought thy disposition better temper'd.
I thought thou hadst been resolute.
I thought she had some great matter there in hand;
I thought of her,
I thought no less: it is his policy
I thought my mother, and my brother York,
I thought it was a fault, but knew it not;
I thought all for the best.
I think, this coming summer, the King of Sicilia
I think, or in any religion.
I think, Camillo?
I think you have
I think you are happy in this second match,
I think thou hast the veriest shrew of all.
I think thou dost; and, indeed, with most painful
I think there's never a man in Christendom
I think there is not in the world either malice or
I think there is not half a kiss to choose
I think there be six Richmonds in the field;
I think the duke will not be spoke withal.
I think so. Kill'd!
I think so too; for never gazed the moon
I think she'll sooner prove a soldier
I think not so.
I think no less. Good morrow to your lordship.
I think it well:
I think it cites us, brother, to the field,
I think it best you married with the county.
I think his understanding is bereft.
I think he'll hear me. Yet, to bite his lip
I think he will carry this island home in his pocket
I think he is: but a greater soldier than he you wot on.
I think affliction may subdue the cheek,
I think I shall command your welcome here,
I think I have done myself wrong, have I not?
I think 'twill serve, if he
I think 'twas Soto that your honour means.
I then do most go right.
I then crave pardon of your majesty.
I the great toe! why the great toe?
I thank your worship. For mine own part, I never
I thank your worship for your good counsel:
I thank your ladyship; well, good madam.
I thank your grace.
I thank you. Fare you well.
I thank you, sir. Where then do you know best
I thank you, sir.
I thank you, honest gentlemen; good night.
I thank you, good my lord; and thank you all.
I thank you, good friend Lucio.
I thank you, gentle uncle. O, my lord,
I thank you, general;
I thank you for this comfort. Fare you well, good father.
I thank thee: thou shalt not lose by it.
I thank thee, master.
I thank thee, good Sir John, with all my heart.
I thank thee, gentle Percy; and be sure
I thank thee, Varrius; thou hast made good haste:
I thank thee for that gird, good Tranio.
I thank my liege, that in regard of me
I thank my God for my humility.
I thank his grace, I know he loves me well;
I tender not thy beauteous princely daughter!
I tell you, sir, she bears me fair in hand.
I tell you, he that can lay hold of her
I tell you, he does sit in gold, his eye
I tell you, friends, most charitable care
I tell you, 'tis incredible to believe
I tell thee, man, 'tis better with me now
I tell thee, fellow,
I tell thee, Licio, this is wonderful.
I tell thee, Kate, 'twas burnt and dried away;
I tell thee, I, that thou hast marr'd her gown.
I tell thee, Catesby--
I tell thee what: get thee to church o' Thursday,
I task the earth to the like, forsworn Aumerle;
I talk of you:
I talk of that, that know it.
I talk not of your soul: our compell'd sins
I talk but idly, and you laugh at me.
I take thee at thy word:
I take my leave with many thousand thanks.
I take my leave of you.
I take my leave before I have begun,
I take it, is a gentlemanlike offer.
I take it up; and by that sword I swear
I swear.
I swear--
I swear to do this, though a present death
I swear I'll cuff you, if you strike again.
I swear I will not die to-day for any man's
I strike quickly, being moved.
I stretch it out for that word 'broad;' which added
I stagger in:--but this new governor
I stabb'd your fathers' bosoms, split my breast.
I spy life peering; but I dare not say
I spy comfort; I cry bail. Here's a gentleman and a
I spy a black, suspicious, threatening cloud,
I speak to subjects, and a subject speaks,
I speak not this as doubting any here
I speak no treason.
I speak no more than what my soul intends;
I speak no more than every one doth know.
I speak from certainties. Nay, more,
I speak amazedly; and it becomes
I sometime lay here in Corioli
I something do excuse the thing I hate,
I so much thirst to see.
I smell the trick on't.
I smell sweet savours and I feel soft things:
I slew thy father, call'st thou him a child?
I slew him not; but to my own disgrace
I sin in envying his nobility,
I show it most of all when I show justice;
I should to Plashy too;
I should so.
I should sin
I should not think it strange; for 'tis a physic
I should not live long after I saw Richmond.
I should not for my life but weep with him.
I should leave grazing, were I of your flock,
I should lament thy miserable state.
I should knock you here, sir?
I should inform thee farther. Lend thy hand,
I should have been more strange, I must confess,
I should do so in honour: I am in this,
I should be guiltier than my guiltiness,
I should be arguing still upon that doubt:
I shame to hear thee speak. Ah, timorous wretch!
I shall, sir. Fare you well.
I shall, sir.
I shall, my lord.
I shall, between this and supper, tell you most
I shall return before your lordship thence.
I shall report,
I shall remember more. Bid him--ah, what?--
I shall obey him.
I shall not sleep in quiet at the Tower.
I shall not need transport my words by you;
I shall lack voice: the deeds of Coriolanus
I shall inform them.
I shall have more than you can dream of yet;
I shall forget, to have thee still stand there,
I shall do good.
I shall discharge to the life.
I shall despair. There is no creature loves me;
I shall desire you, sir, to give me leave
I shall beat you to your tent, and prove a shrewd
I shall be, if I claim by open war.
I shall be reconciled to him again.
I shall be loved when I am lack'd. Nay, mother.
I shall attend your leisure: but make haste;
I send thee, Warwick, such a messenger
I send it through the rivers of your blood,
I sell thee poison; thou hast sold me none.
I seem'd his follower, not partner, and
I see, as in a map, the end of all.
I see your brows are full of discontent,
I see you do not mean to part with her,
I see thy grieved heart: thy sad aspect
I see thy glory like a shooting star
I see the play so lies
I see some sparks of better hope, which elder years
I see old Gaunt alive; O, then, my father,
I see no reason but supposed Lucentio
I see a woman may be made a fool,
I seal upon the lips of this sweet babe.
I say, without characters, fame lives long.
I say, they nourish'd disobedience, fed
I say, sir, I will detest myself also, as well as
I say, my lord, they have deserved death.
I say, bid come before us Angelo.
I say, a husband.
I say, a devil. Thinkest thou, Hortensio, though
I say unto you, what he hath done famously, he did
I say thou liest, Camillo, and I hate thee,
I say she's dead; I'll swear't. If word nor oath
I say she shall: and first begin with her.
I say it shall be so.
I say it is the moon.
I say it is the moon that shines so bright.
I say 'your city,' to his wife and mother;
I say 'silver sound,' because musicians sound for silver.
I saw them at the prison: a saucy friar,
I saw the wound, I saw it with mine eyes,--
I saw our party to their trenches driven,
I saw no man use you a pleasure; if I had, my weapon
I saw his heart in 's face. Give me thy hand:
I saw him in the battle range about;
I saw him beat the surges under him,
I saw her laid low in her kindred's vault,
I saw good strawberries in your garden there
I remember you, sir, by the sound of your voice: I
I read that I profess, the Art to Love.
I rather wish you foes than hollow friends:
I rather do beseech you pardon me,
I purpose not to wait on fortune till
I protest I love the duke as I love myself.
I prophesy the fearful'st time to thee
I promised we would be contributors
I promised to inquire carefully
I promised here to meet.
I promise, I am afraid to hear you tell it.
I promise you, my soul is very jocund
I promise you, but for your company,
I promise you, I scarcely know myself:
I prize it not a straw, but for mine honour,
I prize above my dukedom.
I prithee, spare.
I prithee, sister Kate, untie my hands.
I prithee, noble friend, home to thy house;
I prithee, hear me speak.
I prithee, grieve, to make me merry, York.
I prithee, good Grumio, tell me, how goes the world?
I prithee, give no limits to my tongue:
I prithee, call't. For this ungentle business
I prithee, Lucio, do me this kind service:
I prithee,
I prithee tell me; cram's with praise, and make's
I prithee now, sweet son, as thou hast said
I prithee now, my son,
I prithee go and get me some repast;
I pray, you, tell me, hath any body inquired
I pray, sir, tell me, is it possible
I pray, awake, sir: if you love the maid,
I pray you, uncle, give me this dagger.
I pray you, tell my lord and father, madam,
I pray you, tell me what you meant by that.
I pray you, tell Signior Lucentio that his father is
I pray you, sir, let him go while the humour lasts.
I pray you, sir, is it your will
I pray you, let it stand.
I pray you, husband, be not so disquiet:
I pray you, do not push me; I'll be gone.
I pray you, daughter, sing; or express yourself in a
I pray you, be acquainted with this maid;
I pray you stand good father to me now,
I pray you home to dinner with me.
I pray you do.
I pray you all, tell me what they deserve
I pray thee, stay a while: I hope my holy humour
I pray thee, pretty York, who told thee this?
I pray thee, peace: my soul is full of sorrow.
I pray thee, moralize them.
I pray thee, mark me.
I pray thee, mark me--that a brother should
I pray thee, leave me to myself to-night,
I pray thee, good Mercutio, let's retire:
I pray thee, good Camillo, be no more importunate:
I pray thee, gentle keeper, stay by me;
I pray thee, chide not; she whom I love now
I pray the gods she may with all my heart!
I pray she may; as well for the encouragement of the
I pray now, keep below.
I pray now, call her.
I pray God he be not, I say.
I pour the helpless balm of my poor eyes.
I play'd the fool, it was my negligence,
I play the torturer, by small and small
I pay thy poverty, and not thy will.
I partly know the man: go, call him hither.
I pardon him.
I pardon him, as God shall pardon me.
I paint him in the character. Mark what mercy his
I offer'd to awaken his regard
I nursed her daughter, that you talk'd withal;
I now repent I told the pursuivant
I now name to you; and with speed so pace
I now go toward him; therefore follow me
I now begin with grief and shame to utter:
I not purpose it.
I never yet beheld that special face
I never wish'd to see you sorry; now
I never was nor never will be false.
I never thought it possible or likely;
I never sued to friend nor enemy;
I never spake with her, saw her, nor heard from her,
I never should forget it: 'Wilt thou not, Jule?' quoth he;
I never saw the like.
I never saw a vessel of like sorrow,
I never saw a better-fashion'd gown,
I never look'd for better at his hands,
I never long'd to hear a word till now;
I never in my life did look on him.
I never heard the absent duke much detected for
I never heard any soldier dislike it.
I never did thee harm: why wilt thou slay me?
I never did incense his majesty
I never did her any, to my knowledge.
I neither know it nor can learn of him.
I neither care for the world nor your general: for
I needs must think it honesty. Camillo,
I need not add more fuel to your fire,
I ne'er heard yet
I ne'er again shall see her. O thou mine heir
I must up-fill this osier cage of ours
I must uneasy make, lest too light winning
I must perforce. Farewell.
I must obey: his art is of such power,
I must needs wake you; Lady! lady! lady!
I must needs wake her. Madam, madam, madam!
I must indeed; and therefore came I hither.
I must hear from thee every day in the hour,
I must have patience to endure the load:
I must have leave to pass.
I must eat my dinner.
I must dance bare-foot on her wedding day
I must confess your offer is the best;
I must confess to you, sir, I am no fighter: I am
I must believe you, sir:
I must believe my master; else, I promise you,
I must begin with rudiments of art;
I must be present at your conference.
I must be patient till the heavens look
I must be married to my brother's daughter,
I must be held a rancorous enemy.
I must be gone and live, or stay and die.
I must be answer'd. Dost thou hear, Camillo,
I must away to-day, before night come:
I must and will have Katharina to my wife.
I muse my mother
I moralize two meanings in one word.
I mock my name, great king, to flatter thee.
I minded him how royal 'twas to pardon
I mind to tell him plainly what I think.
I might have look'd upon my queen's full eyes,
I might call him
I met the youthful lord at Laurence' cell;
I mentioned a son o' the king's, which Florizel
I mean, your voice,--for crowning of the king.
I mean, thy general.
I mean, that with my soul I love thy daughter,
I mean, sir, in delay
I mean, my lords, those powers that the queen
I mean, in bearing weight of government,
I mean, his conversation with Shore's wife,
I mean, an we be in choler, we'll draw.
I mean, Hortensio is afeard of you.
I mean to utter it, or both yourself and me
I mean to take possession of my right.
I mean to stride your steed, and at all times
I mean thou shalt, we'll bar thee from succession;
I mean the Earl of Wiltshire, Bushy, Green.
I mean our princely father, Duke of York.
I mean our preservation, few in millions
I mean for your particular,--you had not
I may, and will, if she be so contented:
I may spur on my journey.
I may not, verily.
I may not, madam:
I may not suffer you to visit them;
I may not prove inferior to yourself.
I may not answer.
I may have welcome 'mongst the rest that woo
I may entitle thee my loving father:
I may be negligent, foolish and fearful;
I may be heard, I would crave a word or two;
I may be consul.
I marvel Cambio comes not all this while.
I married them; and their stol'n marriage-day
I make you both protectors of this land,
I make a broken delivery of the business; but the
I loved the maid I married; never man
I loved him as in honour he required,
I love them as they weigh.
I love thee well, in that thou likest it not.
I love thee not a jar o' the clock behind
I love no chiders, sir. Biondello, let's away.
I love her ten times more than e'er I did:
I lost a couple, that 'twixt heaven and earth
I long with all my heart to see the prince:
I long to hear him call the drunkard husband,
I long till Edward fall by war's mischance,
I lodge my wife; I'll go in couples with her;
I live with bread like you, feel want,
I live to look upon their tragedy.
I little like.
I list not prophecy; but let Time's news
I like your silence, it the more shows off
I like you, lads; about your business straight;
I like it well: good Grumio, fetch it me.
I like it well that our fair queen and mistress
I like it better than a dangerous honour.
I let forth your half-pint of blood; back,--that's
I leave out ceremony.
I leave him to your hand. What muffled fellow's that?
I learnt it out of women's faces. Pray now
I lay unto the grievous charge of others.
I lay me down a little while to breathe;
I lay it naked to the deadly stroke,
I know, they do attend us.
I know, in honour, O, that ever I
I know't too well.
I know your virtue hath a licence in't,
I know you'ld fain be gone. An officer!
I know you well, sir, and you know
I know you think to dine with me to-day,
I know you can do very little alone; for your helps
I know you are now, sir, a gentleman born.
I know ye well enough.
I know this cannot be.
I know they do; and I have well deserved it.
I know them both.
I know thee not: thy name?
I know the boy will well usurp the grace,
I know so. But, gentle Lady Anne,
I know she is come to pray for your foul sin.
I know she is an irksome brawling scold:
I know not: but I am sure 'tis safer to
I know not.
I know not, sir.
I know not, mighty sovereign, but by guess.
I know not, an't like you.
I know not whether to depart in silence,
I know not where; but wheresoever, I wish him well.
I know not where to turn: O, welcome home:
I know not what; but format in apparel,
I know not what to say: but give me your hands;
I know not what to do: I would to God,
I know not what I shall incur to pass it,
I know not how to tell thee who I am:
I know not how it tastes; though it be dish'd
I know none. Can you tell me of any?
I know no further:
I know my remedy; I must go fetch the
I know my duty; you are all undutiful:
I know it;
I know it, uncle, and oppose not myself
I know it well. What must I call her?
I know it well, Lord Warwick; blame me not:
I know it pleaseth neither of us well.
I know it is the sun that shines so bright.
I know it is the moon.
I know him well: you are welcome for his sake.
I know him well: you are very welcome, sir,
I know him not, but I have heard of him;
I know him for a man divine and holy;
I know her father, though I know not her;
I know her answer.
I know by that he's dead; and, by my soul,
I know I am too mean to be your queen,
I knew she would.
I kneel before thee; and unproperly
I kneel and then implore her blessing. Lady,
I kill'd a man and fear I was descried:
I humbly thank you.
I humbly thank you.
I humbly beseech you, sir, to pardon me all the
I hope, sir, your good worship will be my bail.
I hope you will not mock me with a husband.
I hope this reason stands for my excuse.
I hope the king made peace with all of us
I hope the king is not yet shipp'd for Ireland.
I hope so.
I hope so, sir; for I have about me many parcels of charge.
I hope it is some pardon or reprieve
I hope he is; but yet let mothers doubt.
I hope he is much grown since last I saw him.
I hope better.
I hope all's for the best.
I holp to frame thee. Do you know this lady?
I hold you as a thing ensky'd and sainted.
I hold you a penny,
I hold my life as dear as you do yours;
I here resign my government to thee,
I here renounce him and return to Henry.
I here proclaim myself thy mortal foe,
I here bestow a simple instrument,
I heard you say, 'Is not my arm of length,
I heard you say that you had rather refuse
I heard thee say, and vauntingly thou spakest it
I heard him swear,
I hear thou must, and nothing may prorogue it,
I hear their drums: let's set our men in order,
I hear that news, my lord.
I hear some noise. Lady, come from that nest
I hear some noise within; dear love, adieu!
I hear his drum: be copious in exclaims.
I have; 'tis ready.
I have: but what of him?
I have.
I have.
I have.
I have, my liege.
I have yielded to: fresh embassies and suits,
I have with such provision in mine art
I have tumbled past the throw; and in his praise
I have too much believed mine own suspicion:
I have too few to take my leave of you,
I have three daughters; the eldest is eleven
I have the letter here; yes, here it is.
I have ta'en a due and wary note upon't:
I have stood by, my lord, and I have heard
I have some wounds upon me, and they smart
I have so; because it is an open room and good for winter.
I have served Prince Florizel and in my time
I have seen two such sights, by sea and by land!
I have seen them in the church together: God send
I have seen thee stem, and thou hast oft beheld
I have seen the dumb men throng to see him and
I have seen and heard of; for your voices have
I have sat too long.
I have sat here all day.
I have reserved alive.
I have remember'd me, thou's hear our counsel.
I have provided for you: stay awhile,
I have on Angelo imposed the office;
I have not yet made known to Mariana
I have not that alacrity of spirit,
I have not stopp'd mine ears to their demands,
I have not sounded him, nor he deliver'd
I have not deserved it.
I have not been desirous of their wealth,
I have no tongue but one: gentle my lord,
I have no superfluous leisure; my stay must be
I have no more to say, But bid Bianca farewell for
I have no more sons of the royal blood
I have no joy of this contract to-night:
I have no further with you.' Was not this mockery?
I have no brother, I am like no brother;
I have night's cloak to hide me from their sight;
I have my wish.
I have more care to stay than will to go:
I have loved thee,--
I have look'd on thousands, who have sped the better
I have lived
I have left asleep; and for the rest o' the fleet
I have known my husband; yet my husband
I have kept it myself; and see how he goes about to abuse me!
I have it, Tranio.
I have heard, sir, of such a man, who hath a
I have heard, but not believed,
I have heard of the lady, and good words went with her name.
I have had feeling of my cousin's wrongs
I have great hope in that; for in her youth
I have great comfort from this fellow: methinks he
I have got strength of limit. Now, my liege,
I have from your Sicilian shores dismiss'd;
I have fought with thee: so often hast thou beat me,
I have forgot your name; but, sure, that part
I have forgot why I did call thee back.
I have forgot that name, and that name's woe.
I have forgot my part, and I am out,
I have for the most part been aired abroad, I
I have done. Come, you promised me a tawdry-lace
I have done.
I have done so, but he's not to be found.
I have done nothing but in care of thee,
I have deserved no better entertainment,
I have deliver'd to Lord Angelo,
I have considered so much, Camillo, and with some
I have confess'd her and I know her virtue.
I have borne this business.
I have bewept a worthy husband's death,
I have bethought me of another fault.
I have been studying how I may compare
I have been long a sleeper; but, I hope,
I have been i' the market-place; and, sir,'tis fit
I have been feasting with mine enemy,
I have been consul, and can show for Rome
I have an interest in your hate's proceeding,
I have already.
I have advertised him by secret means
I have a thousand spirits in one breast,
I have a servant comes with me along,
I have a motion much imports your good;
I have a king here to my flatterer.
I have a hundred milch-kine to the pail,
I have a heart as little apt as yours,
I have a head, sir, that will find out logs,
I have a faint cold fear thrills through my veins,
I have a daughter, sir, called Katharina.
I have a brother is condemn'd to die:
I hate the murderer, love him murdered.
I hate not you for her proud arrogance.
I hate it, and desire all good men's love.
I had thought, sir, to have held my peace until
I had thought, my lord, to have learn'd his health of you.
I had rather you did lack than I, my lord,
I had rather have one scratch my head i' the sun
I had rather have my wounds to heal again
I had rather give my body than my soul.
I had rather chop this hand off at a blow,
I had rather be their servant in my way,
I had rather be a country servant-maid
I had forgot myself; am I not king?
I had fear'd death, of all the men i' the world
I had been still a happy king of men.
I had been mercenary.
I had an Edward, till a Richard kill'd him;
I had a brother, then. Heaven keep your honour!
I had a Rutland too, thou holp'st to kill him.
I had a Richard too, and thou didst kill him;
I had a Harry, till a Richard kill'd him:
I guess not.
I grant; as there may between the lists and the
I grant ye.
I got them in my country's service, when
I got possession of Julietta's bed:
I go; and if you plead as well for them
I go: and towards three or four o'clock
I go. Write to me very shortly.
I go.
I go.
I go, my lord.
I go, my lord.
I give this heavy weight from off my head
I give thee this to dry thy cheeks withal.
I give my daughter to him, and will make
I give a sparing limit to my tongue.
I gave thee mine before thou didst request it:
I gave him no order; I gave him the stuff.
I found the effect of love in idleness:
I for an Edward weep, so do not they:
I for a Clarence weep, so doth not she:
I follow you.
I fly, Biondello: but they may chance to need thee
I flamed amazement: sometime I'ld divide,
I find myself a traitor with the rest;
I find my zenith doth depend upon
I fear, too early: for my mind misgives
I fear, for ever: Milan and Naples have
I fear, I fear,--
I fear, I fear 'twill prove a troublous world.
I fear you not.
I fear our happiness is at the highest.
I fear no uncles dead.
I fear me, never.
I fear me both are false.
I fear it is: and yet, methinks, it should not,
I fear it is too choleric a meat.
I fear he will.
I every day expect an embassage
I ever saw so noble.
I ever said we were i' the wrong when we banished
I drink, I eat, array myself, and live.
I drew to part them: in the instant came
I dreamt my master and another fought,
I dreamt my lady came and found me dead--
I dream'd a dream to-night.
I doubt not, uncle, of our victory.
I doubt not, I, but we shall soon persuade
I doubt not then but innocence shall make
I doubt not but to ride as fast as York:
I doubt not but his friends will fly to us.
I doubt it not; and all these woes shall serve
I doubt it not, sir; but you will curse your
I do; and will fetch off Bohemia for't;
I do; and surely
I do; and bear the shame most patiently.
I do, my lord; but long I shall not stay
I do, my lord.
I do well believe your highness; and
I do the wrong, and first begin to brawl.
I do suspect I have done some offence
I do repent. Alas! I have show'd too much
I do repent me; read not my name there
I do repent me, as it is an evil,
I do remember well where I should be,
I do remember an apothecary,--
I do remain as neuter. So, fare you well;
I do refer me to the oracle:
I do protest, I never injured thee,
I do present you with a man of mine,
I do owe them still
I do not, sir.
I do not think thou canst, for then thou wast not
I do not sue to stand;
I do not sleep: I see, I hear, I speak;
I do not say 'thwack our general;' but he was always
I do not love to look on.
I do not like this news.
I do not like these several councils, I.
I do not like the man: had he been lay, my lord
I do not like the Tower, of any place.
I do not know what witchcraft's in him, but
I do not know that Englishman alive
I do mistake my person all this while:
I do lament the sickness of the king.
I do it not in evil disposition,
I do give lost; for I do feel it gone,
I do fear, too dreadful:
I do desire to learn, sir: and I hope, if you have
I do desire the like.
I do demand,
I do defy thy conjurations,
I do defy him, and I spit at him;
I do constantly believe you. The time is come even
I do confess it, and repent it, father.
I do but keep the peace: put up thy sword,
I do bite my thumb, sir.
I do beweep to many simple gulls
I do beseech your majesty, impute his words
I do beseech your grace to pardon me:
I do beseech you, take it not amiss;
I do beseech you, sir, have patience:
I do beseech you, pardon me; I may not show it.
I do beseech you, let it be his fault,
I do beseech you, either not believe
I do beseech you,
I do beseech you,
I do beseech you send for some of them.
I do beseech thee--
I do believe thee:
I do believe it.
I do assure thee, father, so it is.
I do arrest your words. Be that you are,
I did; with his contract with Lady Lucy,
I did, my lord.
I did not, sir:
I did not well I meant well. All my services
I did not see your grace: humbly on my knee
I did not kill your husband.
I did not bid you mar it to the time.
I did in time collect myself and thought
I did confess it, and exactly begg'd
I did but tell her she mistook her frets,
I did but smile till now:
I departed not and left him there.
I dare your quenchless fury to more rage:
I dare not, sir
I dare not stand by; nor shall you be safer
I dare not know, my lord.
I dare no longer stay.
I dare my life lay down and will do't, sir,
I dare meet Surrey in a wilderness,
I dare be sworn you were:
I dare be sworn
I dare assure you, sir, 'tis almost two;
I dare adventure to be sent to the Tower.
I daily vow to use it. Come and lead me
I cry you mercy: I mean the lord protector.
I cry you mercy, sir; and well could wish
I cry thee mercy:
I cry thee mercy then, for I had thought
I crave your honour's pardon.
I crave your blessing.
I crave their pardons:
I crave no other, nor no better man.
I count myself in nothing else so happy
I could weep, madam, would it do you good.
I could not send it,--here it is again,--
I could myself
I could have given my uncle's grace a flout,
I could do this, and that with no rash potion,
I could beat forty of them.
I could afflict you farther.
I conjure thee, by all the parts of man
I conjure thee by Rosaline's bright eyes,
I conjure only but to raise up him.
I confess two sleeves.
I confess the cape.
I commanded the sleeves should be cut out and
I come, in kindness and unfeigned love,
I come, anon.--But if thou mean'st not well,
I come to wive it wealthily in Padua;
I come to visit the afflicted spirits
I come to tell you things sith then befall'n.
I come to pierce it, or to give thee mine.
I come to know your pleasure.
I come to bring him sleep. 'Tis such as you,
I come about my brother.
I cleft his beaver with a downright blow:
I cheer'd them up with justice of our cause,
I charged thee that she should not come about me:
I charge you, as you hope to have redemption
I charge you see that he be forthcoming.
I charge thee in the princes name, obey.
I chafe you, if I tarry: let me go.
I carried from thee, dear; and my true lip
I care not:
I care not.
I care not what, so it be wholesome food.
I cannot weep; for all my body's moisture
I cannot think it. Hark! what noise is this?
I cannot tell; expect they are busied about a
I cannot tell; but I had as lief take her dowry with
I cannot tell; I fear 'tis choleric.
I cannot tell: the world is grown so bad,
I cannot tarry: I knew a wench married in an
I cannot sum up sum of half my wealth.
I cannot stay to hear these articles.
I cannot speak, nor think
I cannot speak him home: he stopp'd the fliers;
I cannot speak
I cannot say 'tis pity
I cannot nor I will not yield to you.
I cannot name; 'tis nameless woe, I wot.
I cannot name the disease; and it is caught
I cannot mend it, I must needs confess,
I cannot make you what amends I would,
I cannot judge: but to conclude with truth,
I cannot joy, until I be resolved
I cannot help it now,
I cannot do't without counters. Let me see; what am
I cannot do it; yet I'll hammer it out.
I cannot do it; yet I know no cause
I cannot but be sad; so heavy sad
I cannot bound a pitch above dull woe:
I cannot blame her: by God's holy mother,
I can, Petruchio, help thee to a wife
I can tell you; but young Romeo will be older when
I can tell thee pretty tales of the duke.
I can no longer hold me patient.
I can hook to me: say that she were gone,
I can hardly believe that, since you know not what
I can bear my part; you must know 'tis my
I can add colours to the chameleon,
I came to talk of. Tell me, daughter Juliet,
I came to serve a king and not a duke.
I came to her from Claudio, and desired her
I came into the world with my legs forward:
I came from Edward as ambassador,
I call'd thee then vain flourish of my fortune;
I call'd thee then poor shadow, painted queen;
I call upon thee.
I call them forth to credit her.
I call thee not.
I brought my master news of Juliet's death;
I brought high Hereford, if you call him so,
I bring thee tidings of the prince's doom.
I boarded the king's ship; now on the beak,
I bless the time
I blame not her, she could say little less;
I bid them that did love their country's good
I beseech your honour, ask me.
I beseech your highness, do not marry me to a whore.
I beseech your graces both to pardon me;
I beseech your grace to pardon me, and withal
I beseech you, sir, look in this gentleman's face.
I beseech you, sir, ask him what this man did to my wife.
I beseech you, peace:
I believe thee; for I think thou never wast where
I beg for justice, which thou, prince, must give;
I bear no hatred, blessed man, for, lo,
I be not thine. To this I am most constant,
I bade the rascal knock upon your gate
I bade her come. What, lamb! what, ladybird!
I assure you, Carthage.
I and ten thousand in this luckless realm
I am, in this, commanded to deliver
I am, as thy general is.
I am, and by my fancy: if my reason
I am your wife in all obedience.
I am your neighbour, and was suitor first.
I am your free dependant.
I am your butt, and I abide your shot.
I am your better, traitors as ye are:
I am weary; yea, my memory is tired.
I am unfit for state and majesty;
I am too young; I pray you, pardon me.'
I am too sure of it: and it is for getting Madam
I am too sore enpierced with his shaft
I am too old to fawn upon a nurse,
I am too mean a subject for thy wrath:
I am too childish-foolish for this world.
I am too bold, 'tis not to me she speaks:
I am to get a man,--whate'er he be,
I am thy sovereign.
I am thus resolved: on Sunday next you know
I am thus bold to put your grace in mind
I am thine.
I am their mother; who should keep me from them?
I am their fathers mother; I will see them.
I am the youngest of that name, for fault of a worse.
I am the son of Henry the Fifth,
I am the sister of one Claudio,
I am the provost. What's your will, good friar?
I am the last of noble Edward's sons,
I am the king's friend, and will rid his foe.
I am the greatest, able to do least,
I am the drudge and toil in your delight,
I am the best of them that speak this speech,
I am that Isabella and his sister.
I am sure, sweet Kate, this kindness merits thanks.
I am sorry, sir, I have thus far stirr'd you: but
I am sorry, one so learned and so wise
I am sorry that such sorrow I procure:
I am sorry that by hanging thee I can
I am sorry for't:
I am so sorry for my trespass made
I am so fraught with curious business that
I am so dishonour'd that the very hour
I am robbed, sir, and beaten; my money and apparel
I am question'd by my fears, of what may chance
I am one of those; his mother, wife, his child,
I am now going to resolve him: I had rather my
I am not yet instructed.
I am not prone to weeping, as our sex
I am not in the giving vein to-day.
I am not barren to bring forth complaints
I am not I, if there be such an I;
I am none, by this good light.
I am no traitor's uncle; and that word 'grace.'
I am no pilot; yet, wert thou as far
I am no breeching scholar in the schools;
I am my father's heir and only son:
I am like you, they say.
I am known to be a humorous patrician, and one that
I am joyful to hear of their readiness, and am the
I am innocent as you.'
I am inform'd that he comes towards London,
I am in your debt for your last exercise;
I am in parliament pledge for his truth
I am in health, I breathe, and see thee ill.
I am in all affected as yourself;
I am hush'd until our city be a-fire,
I am hurt.
I am his king, and he should bow his knee;
I am his brother, and I love him well.
I am gone for ever.
I am going to visit the prisoner. Fare you well.
I am glad to see your ladyship.
I am glad on 't: then we shall ha' means to vent
I am glad he's come, howsoe'er he comes.
I am glad at heart
I am friend to them and you: upon which errand
I am for you.
I am for you again: pray you, sit by us,
I am for thee straight: take thou the
I am disgraced, impeach'd and baffled here,
I am directed by you.
I am determined to prove a villain
I am denied to sue my livery here,
I am content: Richard Plantagenet,
I am content.
I am content.
I am content, so thou wilt have it so.
I am content, in a good father's care,
I am content you shall entreat me stay;
I am content to look on: what to speak,
I am content to hear; for 'tis as easy
I am content to be Lucentio,
I am come to know your pleasure.
I am combined by a sacred vow
I am but sorry, not afeard; delay'd,
I am bound to you:
I am bound by oath, and therefore pardon me.
I am barr'd, like one infectious. My third comfort
I am attended at the cypress grove: I pray you--
I am ashamed: does not the stone rebuke me
I am ashamed that women are so simple
I am as well acquainted here as I was in our house
I am as peremptory as she proud-minded;
I am as ignorant in that as you
I am arrived for fruitful Lombardy,
I am appointed him to murder you.
I am angling now,
I am an officer of state, and come
I am always bound to you.
I am agreed; and would I had given him the best
I am afraid, sir,
I am affianced this man's wife as strongly
I am about, let them depart.
I am a-weary, give me leave awhile:
I am a woeful suitor to your honour,
I am a villain: yet I lie. I am not.
I am a subject fit to jest withal,
I am a stranger here in Gloucestershire:
I am a poor fellow, sir.
I am a poor fellow, sir.
I am a king, and privileged to speak.
I am a gentleman of Verona, sir,
I am a feather for each wind that blows:
I am a Roman; and my services are,
I am Christophero Sly; call not me 'honour' nor
I aim'd so near, when I supposed you loved.
Hush, master! here's some good pastime toward:
Husband, let's follow, to see the end of this ado.
Huntsman:
Huntsman:
Huntsman, what say'st thou? wilt thou go along?
Huntsman, I charge thee, tender well my hounds:
Hunting thee hence with hunt's-up to the day,
Hungary's!
Humbly complaining to her deity
Humbling their deities to love, have taken
Hoyday, a riddle! neither good nor bad!
Howsoever you have been his liar, as you say you
Howlings attend it: how hast thou the heart,
However God or fortune cast my lot,
Howe'er you lean to the nayward.
Howe'er the business goes, you have made fault
How? what?
How? thy wife?
How? the best?
How?
How?
How, sir! do you meddle with my master?
How, my pretty York? I pray thee, let me hear it.
How, my lord!
How, Camillo,
How! will she none? doth she not give us thanks?
How! wear the garland! dost thou mean the crown?
How! turn thy back and run?
How! traitor!
How! she is busy and she cannot come!
How! not women?
How! no more!
How! know you where you are?
How! gone!
How! dare not! do not. Do you know, and dare not?
How! caught of me!
How! bribe me?
How! away!
How! Was it we? we loved him but, like beasts
How! I inform them!
How!
How youngly he began to serve his country,
How you can frown than spend a fawn upon 'em,
How would you live, Pompey? by being a bawd? What
How would he look, to see his work so noble
How will the country for these woful chances
How will my wife for slaughter of my son
How will my mother for a father's death
How went he under him?
How well resembles it the prime of youth,
How well my comfort is revived by this!
How to lament the cause. I'll beg one boon,
How to deny them, who to advance and who
How thou lovest us, show in our brother's welcome;
How thou camest here thou mayst.
How they at Pomfret bloodily were butcher'd,
How the world goes, that to the pace of it
How the dispatch is made, and in what fashion,
How that the guilty kindred of the queen
How tame, when men and women are alone,
How sweet a thing it is to wear a crown;
How sweet a plant have you untimely cropp'd!
How stands your disposition to be married?
How soon my sorrow hath destroy'd my face.
How sometimes nature will betray its folly,
How some have been deposed; some slain in war,
How silver-sweet sound lovers' tongues by night,
How should this grow?
How should they, when that wise men have no eyes?
How should he be made, then?
How she holds up the neb, the bill to him!
How shall we do for money for these wars?
How shall this bisson multitude digest
How shall that faith return again to earth,
How say you?
How say you, Signior Gremio?
How say you to a fat tripe finely broil'd?
How say you sir? Can you deny all this?
How probable I do not know--that Marcius,
How prettily the young swain seems to wash
How often said, my dignity would last
How often he had met you, sword to sword;
How often have I told you 'twould be thus!
How often dost thou with thy case, thy habit,
How oft when men are at the point of death
How now? moody?
How now, what news with you?
How now, sirrah! how goes the world with thee?
How now, sir! What's your name? and what's the matter?
How now, old lad?
How now, noble Pompey! What, at the wheels of
How now, my masters! have you chose this man?
How now, my lord, what say the citizens?
How now, my lord! what hap? what hope of good?
How now, my headstrong! where have you been gadding?
How now, my hardy, stout resolved mates!
How now, my friend! why dost thou look so pale?
How now, my as fair as noble ladies,--and the moon,
How now, how now, chop-logic! What is this?
How now, good fellow! why shakest thou so? Fear
How now, fair shepherd!
How now, fair maid?
How now, fair lords! What fare? what news abroad?
How now, Grumio!
How now, Catesby, what says your lord?
How now, Abhorson? what's the news with you?
How now! who's there?
How now! who is it?
How now! who calls?
How now! which of your hips has the most profound sciatica?
How now! what's the news with you?
How now! what's the matter? My old friend Grumio!
How now! what's the matter?
How now! what noise? That spirit's possessed with haste
How now! what news?
How now! what news?
How now! what news?
How now! what news with you?
How now! what means death in this rude assault?
How now! what mean'st thou, that thou help'st me not?
How now! is he dead already? or is it fear
How now! canst stand?
How now! a conduit, girl? what, still in tears?
How now there!
How not your own desire?
How nice the quarrel was, and urged withal
How near the tidings of our comfort is.
How much she loves me: O, the kindest Kate!
How much salt water thrown away in waste,
How more unfortunate than all living women
How might she tongue me! Yet reason dares her no;
How merited to be so; since he came,
How may likeness made in crimes,
How many years a mortal man may live.
How many of you have mine eyes beheld!
How many make the hour full complete;
How many hours bring about the day;
How many days will finish up the year;
How many children hast thou, widow? tell me.
How lush and lusty the grass looks! how green!
How long shall I be patient? ah, how long
How long is't since?
How long is't now since last yourself and I
How long hath he been there?
How long continued, and what stock he springs of,
How long a time lies in one little word!
How likes Gremio these quick-witted folks?
How like, methought, I then was to this kernel,
How lies their battle? know you on which side
How know you that?
How it goes with us, and do look to know
How it doth grieve me that thy head is here!
How is't, my soul? let's talk; it is not day.
How is it with our general?
How is it with Titus Lartius?
How in his suit he scorn'd you; but your loves,
How ill-beseeming is it in thy sex
How if, when I am laid into the tomb,
How if it come to thee again?
How if it be false, son?
How high a pitch his resolution soars!
How he refell'd me, and how I replied,--
How he may soften at the sight o' the child:
How he hath drunk, he cracks his gorge, his sides,
How he did seem to dive into their hearts
How have you slept, my lord?
How hath your lordship brook'd imprisonment?
How hast thou offended?
How hast thou injured both thyself and us!
How happy then were my ensuing death!
How fondly dost thou spur a forward horse!
How fiery and forward our pedant is!
How fares the prince?
How fares our noble uncle, Lancaster?
How fares our gracious lady?
How fares our cousin, noble Lord of York?
How fares my noble lord?
How fares my brother? why is he so sad?
How fares my Kate? What, sweeting, all amort?
How fares my Juliet? that I ask again;
How far off lie these armies?
How far off is our brother Montague?
How far is it, my lord, to Berkeley now?
How far is it to Berkeley? and what stir
How far into the morning is it, lords?
How far hence is thy lord, mine honest fellow?
How far brought you high Hereford on his way?
How far I am from the desire thereof.
How fain, like Pilate, would I wash my hands
How durst you, villains, bring it from the dresser,
How doth the prince, and my young son of York?
How doth my lady? Is my father well?
How doth my dear morsel, thy mistress? Procures she
How doth he stand affected to our purpose;
How dost thou know that, constable?
How dost thou feel thyself now?
How does the boy?
How does my father? Gentles, methinks you frown:
How do you now?
How do you both? you are manifest house-keepers.
How do I thank thee, that this carnal cur
How darkly and how deadly dost thou speak!
How dares thy harsh rude tongue sound this unpleasing news?
How couldst thou in a mile confound an hour,
How couldst thou drain the life-blood of the child,
How could that be?
How could he stay till Warwick made return?
How chance the prophet could not at that time
How ceremonious, solemn and unearthly
How canst thou woo her?
How canst thou urge God's dreadful law to us,
How canst thou try them so?
How can you say to me, I am a king?
How can we aid you with our kindred tears?
How camest thou hither, tell me, and wherefore?
How came we ashore?
How came it that the absent duke had not either
How but well, sir? how but well?
How blest am I
How blessed are we that are not simple men!
How art thou out of breath, when thou hast breath
How accompanied?
How I persuaded, how I pray'd, and kneel'd,
How I may formally in person bear me
How I may bear me here: my prime request,
How I have ever loved the life removed
How I am galled,--mightst bespice a cup,
How God and good men hate so foul a liar.
Hover about me with your airy wings
Hover about her; say, that right for right
Hours, minutes? noon, midnight? and all eyes
Hourly afflict: merely, thou art death's fool;
Hot lavender, mints, savoury, marjoram;
Hostess:
Hostess:
Hostess:
Hortensio; and I trow this is his house.
Hortensio, to what end are all these words?
Hortensio, peace! thou know'st not gold's effect:
Hortensio, have you told him all her faults?
Hortensio, hark:
Hortensio will be quit with thee by changing.
Hoping you'll find good cause to whip them all.
Hope I may choose, sir.
Hooking both right and wrong to the appetite,
Hood my unmann'd blood, bating in my cheeks,
Honourable Menenius, my boy Marcius approaches; for
Honour and policy, like unsever'd friends,
Honest goodfellows, ah, put up, put up;
Honest as either, to purge him of that humour
Holy Saint Francis, what a change is here!
Holy King Henry, and thy fair son Edward,
Holy Franciscan friar! brother, ho!
Holloa me like a hare.
Holla, within!
Holding thine ear close to the hollow ground;
Holding Corioli in the name of Rome,
Hold; get you gone, be strong and prosperous
Hold, valiant Clifford! for a thousand causes
Hold, there is forty ducats: let me have
Hold, then; go home, be merry, give consent
Hold, take this letter; early in the morning
Hold, take these keys, and fetch more spices, nurse.
Hold, take my ring.
Hold, hold, hold, hold!
Hold, daughter: I do spy a kind of hope,
Hold, Tybalt! good Mercutio!
Hold, Richard, hold; for we have done too much.
Hold, Clifford! do not honour him so much
Hold your peaces.
Hold you there: farewell.
Hold you his hands, whilst I do set it on.
Hold up your hands, say nothing; I'll speak all.
Hold up before him?
Hold thy peace:
Hold thy desperate hand:
Hold therefore, Angelo:--
Hold out my horse, and I will first be there.
Hold me a foe;
Hold him in safety, till the prince come hither.
Hoisted sail and made away for Brittany.
Ho, by your leave!
Ho! who's here?
Ho! who is within there?
Hither to London, to be crown'd our king.
Hist! Romeo, hist! O, for a falconer's voice,
His youngest daughter, beautiful Binaca,
His words come from his mouth, ours from our breast:
His word is more than the miraculous harp; he hath
His wonted sleep under a fresh tree's shade,
His wit set down to make his valour live
His wish'd ability, he had himself
His wife is in Corioli and his child
His welcomes forth; asks thee the son forgiveness,
His weary joints would gladly rise, I know;
His vices, you would say; there's no virtue whipped
His viands sparkling in a golden cup,
His very air, that I should call you brother,
His venom tooth will rankle to the death:
His tyranny for trifles; his own bastardy,
His treasons will sit blushing in his face,
His tongue is now a stringless instrument;
His time is spent, our pilgrimage must be.
His tears proclaim'd his, parting with her: thence,
His statutes cancell'd and his treasure spent;
His soul thou canst not have; therefore be gone.
His son was but a ward two years ago.
His son is thirty.
His soldiers lurking in the towns about,
His smiles,
His rougher accents for malicious sounds,
His resemblance, being not like the duke;
His remedies are tame i' the present peace
His regiment lies half a mile at least
His reasons with his body.
His realm a slaughter-house, his subjects slain,
His ready sense; then straight his doubled spirit
His rash fierce blaze of riot cannot last,
His purpose surfeiting, he sends a warrant
His princess, say you, with him?
His prayers are full of false hypocrisy;
His popular 'shall' against a graver bench
His pleasure; may be he will relent. Alas,
His plate, his goods, his money and his lands.
His own impatience
His old betrothed but despised;
His oath enrolled in the parliament;
His nurse! why, she was dead ere thou wert born.
His noble kinsman: most degenerate king!
His noble cousin is right welcome hither;
His neck will come to your waist,--a cord, sir.
His nature is too noble for the world:
His name, my lord, is Tyrrel.
His name! as if I knew not his name: I have brought
His name unparallel'd, haply amplified;
His name that valiant duke hath left with thee;
His name is Romeo, and a Montague;
His name is Licio, born in Mantua.
His name is Barnardine.
His name and credit shall you undertake,
His master's son, as worshipful as he terms it,
His marks of merit, wounds received for's country.
His majesty hath straitly given in charge
His majesty
His lordship knows me well, and loves me well.
His looks are full of peaceful majesty,
His livery, and deny his offer'd homage,
His lecture will be done ere you have tuned.
His lands then seized on by the conqueror:
His issue disinherited should be;
His is the right, and therefore pardon me.
His insolence can brook to be commanded
His horse is slain, and all on foot he fights,
His hopeful son's, his babe's, betrays to slander,
His honour and myself are at the one,
His help to crave, and my dear hap to tell.
His head is off and sent to Angelo.
His head by nature framed to wear a crown,
His hands were guilty of no kindred blood,
His hand to wield a sceptre, and himself
His gracious pleasure any way therein:
His grace not being warn'd thereof before:
His grace looks cheerfully and smooth to-day;
His good sword in his hand.
His golden uncontroll'd enfranchisement,
His going I could frame to serve my turn,
His glittering arms he will commend to rust,
His glassy essence, like an angry ape,
His givings-out were of an infinite distance
His garments are rich, but he wears
His friends still wrought reprieves for him: and,
His filth within being cast, he would appear
His fault concludes but what the law should end,
His father revell'd in the heart of France,
His face thou hast, for even so look'd he,
His face still combating with tears and smiles,
His eyes do drop no tears, his prayers are in jest;
His execution sworn.
His dukedom and his chair with me is left.
His dignity and duty both cast off--
His deputy anointed in His sight,
His deeds with doing them, and is content
His daughter's trial! that he did but see
His daughter meanly have I match'd in marriage;
His daughter is to be brought by you to the supper.
His curses, then from bitterness of soul
His currish riddles sort not with this place.
His cupbearer,--whom I from meaner form
His country's bowels out. And to poor we
His coming hither hath no further scope
His cold thin drink out of his leather bottle.
His charters and his customary rights;
His captain, steward, deputy-elect,
His business more material.
His burthenous taxations notwithstanding,
His brother, Archbishop late of Canterbury,
His body to that pleasant country's earth,
His body couched in a curious bed,
His bloody brow! O Jupiter, no blood!
His better doth not breathe upon the earth.
His barbed steeds to stables, and his heart
His arms in this sad knot.
His answer was, the people were not wont
His answer was, he would unto the stews,
His ancient knot of dangerous adversaries
His agile arm beats down their fatal points,
His act did not o'ertake his bad intent,
His absolute 'shall'?
Himself with his good arms in lusty stroke
Him vile that was your garland. What's the matter,
Hilloa, loa!
High-stomach'd are they both, and full of ire,
High-reaching Buckingham grows circumspect.
High sparks of honour in thee have I seen.
High be our thoughts: I know my uncle York
Hie you, make haste, for it grows very late.
Hie you to church; I must another way,
Hie to your chamber: I'll find Romeo
Hie to high fortune! Honest nurse, farewell.
Hie thee to hell for shame, and leave the world,
Hiding his bitter jests in blunt behavior:
Hidest thou that forehead with a golden crown,
Hides not his visage from our cottage but
Hic steterat Priami regia celsa senis.'
Hew down and fell the hardest-timber'd oak.
Herself the glory of a creditor,
Herself poised with herself in either eye:
Hermione, my dearest, thou never spokest
Hermione was not so much wrinkled, nothing
Hermione hath suffer'd death, and that
Herein your highness wrongs both them and me.
Hereditary ours.
Hereafter time, for time past wrong'd by thee.
Here: what's the matter?
Here.
Here.
Here, take away this dish.
Here, sirrah Grumio; knock, I say.
Here, sir; as foolish as I was before.
Here, sir: I'ld have beaten him like a dog, but for
Here, sir, a ring she bid me give you, sir:
Here, sir! here, sir! here, sir! here, sir!
Here, noble lord: what is thy will with her?
Here, my lord.
Here, most gracious liege.
Here, master: what cheer?
Here, madam:
Here, if it like your honour.
Here, here, sir; here, sir.
Here, Hastings; I will never more remember
Here's to my love!
Here's the midwife's name to't, one Mistress
Here's such ado to make no stain a stain
Here's such a coil! come, what says Romeo?
Here's snip and nip and cut and slish and slash,
Here's packing, with a witness to deceive us all!
Here's one, a friend, and one that knows you well.
Here's one to a very doleful tune, how a usurer's
Here's no place for you: pray, go to the door.
Here's no knavery! See, to beguile the old folks,
Here's much to do with hate, but more with love.
Here's he that would take from you all your power.
Here's goodly work!
Here's goodly gear!
Here's for my oath, here's for my father's death.
Here's another ballad of a fish, that appeared upon
Here's ado,
Here's a strange alteration!
Here's a good world the while! Why who's so gross,
Here's Romeo's man; we found him in the churchyard.
Here's Lucentio,
Here where we are.
Here were the servants of your adversary,
Here was 'I thank you for your voices: thank you:
Here to this place, i' the open air, before
Here to make good the boisterous late appeal,
Here standeth Thomas Mowbray, Duke of Norfolk,
Here stand we both, and aim we at the best:
Here sits a king more woful than you are.
Here sheathe thy sword, I'll pardon thee my death:
Here pitch our tents, even here in Bosworth field.
Here pitch our battle; hence we will not budge.
Here on this molehill will I sit me down.
Here on my knee I vow to God above,
Here must I stay, and here my life must end.
Here love; thou see'st how diligent I am
Here lives a caitiff wretch would sell it him.'
Here let us rest, if this rebellious earth
Here let us breathe and haply institute
Here is the steed, we the caparison:
Here is the sister of the man condemn'd
Here is the head; I'll carry it myself.
Here is the head of that ignoble traitor,
Here is the cap your worship did bespeak.
Here is my hand, and here I firmly vow
Here is everything advantageous to life.
Here is a wonder, if you talk of a wonder.
Here is a gentleman whom by chance I met,
Here is a friar, that trembles, sighs and weeps:
Here is a friar, and slaughter'd Romeo's man;
Here is Lord Angelo shall give you justice:
Here in your city; I now came from him:
Here in this island we arrived; and here
Here in this country, where we now remain.
Here in this city visiting the sick,
Here in these confines slily have I lurk'd,
Here in the prison. Do me the common right
Here in the prison, father,
Here in my house do him disparagement:
Here in Vienna, sir.
Here in Verona, ladies of esteem,
Here he comes, and in the gown of humility: mark his
Here did she fall a tear; here in this place
Here cousin:
Here comes your father; tell him so yourself,
Here comes your father: never make denial;
Here comes the rogue.
Here comes the queen, whose looks bewray her anger:
Here comes the lady: O, so light a foot
Here comes the furious Tybalt back again.
Here comes the Lady Paulina's steward: he can
Here comes the Duke of York.
Here comes my son Aumerle.
Here comes his servant: how now, Catesby,
Here comes his mother.
Here comes his grace in person. My noble uncle!
Here comes a messenger. What news?
Here comes a man; let's stay till he be past.
Here comes a man of comfort, whose advice
Here comes a gentleman that haply knows more.
Here comes Signior Claudio, led by the provost to
Here comes Romeo, here comes Romeo.
Here comes Bohemia.
Here comes Baptista: set your countenance, sir.
Here come those I have done good to against my will,
Here come the lords.
Here come the lords of Buckingham and Derby.
Here come the clusters.
Here come the Lords of Ross and Willoughby,
Here come more voices.
Here burns my candle out; ay, here it dies,
Here at the palace I will rest awhile.
Here are the keys, there sits the duke asleep:
Here are the beetle brows shall blush for me.
Here am I left to underprop his land,
Here 'tis; commends it to your blessing.
Herald:
Herald:
Her wondrous qualities and mild behavior,
Her widowhood, be it that she survive me,
Her whip of cricket's bone, the lash of film,
Her wagoner a small grey-coated gnat,
Her wagon-spokes made of long spiders' legs,
Her vestal livery is but sick and green
Her uncle Rivers; yea, and, for her sake,
Her tears will pierce into a marble heart;
Her suit is now to repossess those lands;
Her suit is granted for her husband's lands.
Her sister Katharina welcomed you withal?
Her silence flouts me, and I'll be revenged.
Her sighs will make a battery in his breast;
Her shall you hear disproved to her eyes,
Her royal stock graft with ignoble plants,
Her richest lockram 'bout her reechy neck,
Her portion equal his.
Her pastures' grass with faithful English blood.
Her only fault, and that is faults enough,
Her nurse is privy: and, if aught in this
Her new-built virtue and obedience.
Her natural posture!
Her name is Katharina Minola,
Her mother is the lady of the house,
Her madness hath the oddest frame of sense,
Her life is only safest in her birth.
Her knots disorder'd and her wholesome herbs
Her husband, knave: wouldst thou betray me?
Her heart is but o'ercharged; she will recover:
Her fruit-trees all upturned, her hedges ruin'd,
Her father's liking: which to bring to pass,
Her father keeps from all access of suitors,
Her father is Baptista Minola,
Her faction will be full as strong as ours.
Her face defaced with scars of infamy,
Her eye, and tell me for what dull part in't
Her eye discourses; I will answer it.
Her enemies' marks upon me. I do love
Her eldest sister is so curst and shrewd
Her dowery wealthy, and of worthy birth;
Her children not her husband's!
Her chariot is an empty hazel-nut
Her brother, having both their country quitted
Her brother's ghost his paved bed would break,
Her body sleeps in Capel's monument,
Her blood is settled, and her joints are stiff;
Her and her virtues, I cannot forget
Her affability and bashful modesty,
Her advocate to the loud'st. We do not know
Henry the Fourth by conquest got the crown.
Henry of Lancaster, resign thy crown.
Henry of Hereford, Lancaster, and Derby,
Henry now lives in Scotland at his ease,
Henry had none, but did usurp the place;
Henry Bolingbroke
Henceforward do your messages yourself.
Henceforward I am ever ruled by you.
Henceforth I vow it shall be so for me.
Henceforth I never will be Romeo.
Hence-banished is banish'd from the world,
Hence, villain! never more come in my sight.
Hence, rotten thing! or I shall shake thy bones
Hence, old goat!
Hence, and shut your gates upon's.
Hence! hang not on my garments.
Hence with it, and together with the dam
Hence with him to the Tower; let him not speak.
Hence will I to my ghostly father's cell,
Hence from Verona art thou banished:
Hence comes it that your kindred shuns your house,
Help, ye citizens!
Help, three o' the chiefest soldiers; I'll be one.
Help, son! help, Signior Baptista!
Help, masters, help! my master is mad.
Help, help, help! here's a madman will murder me.
Help, help, help!
Help, help! Call help.
Help not all, yet do they ease the heart.
Help me into some house, Benvolio,
Help Marcius, help,
Helen of Greece was fairer far than thou,
Helen and Hero hildings and harlots; Thisbe a grey
Held me in chase, that I was forced to wheel
Held in contempt; whilst many fair promotions
Heirs of your kingdoms, my poor house to visit,
Heir to the crown; meaning indeed his house,
Heigh, my hearts! cheerly, cheerly, my hearts!
Heavy matters! heavy matters! but look thee here,
Heaviness in me.
Heavens thank you for't! And now, I pray you, sir,
Heavens grant that Warwick's words bewitch him not!
Heavens bless my lord from fell Aufidius!
Heaven shield my mother play'd my father fair!
Heaven let me bear it! you granting of my suit,
Heaven keep your honour safe!
Heaven grant us its peace, but not the King of
Heaven give your spirits comfort!
Heaven doth with us as we with torches do,
Heaven cease this idle humour in your honour!
Heaven and fortune bar me happy hours!
Heat outwardly or breath within, I'll serve you
Heart-hardening spectacles; tell these sad women
Hearing thy mildness praised in every town,
Hearest thou, Biondello?
Heard ye not what an humble suppliant
Hear'st thou, Mars?
Hear you this Triton of the minnows? mark you
Hear you the news abroad?
Hear nought from Rome in private. Your request?
Hear nothing from him.
Hear me, you wrangling pirates, that fall out
Hear me, people; peace!
Hear me, my masters, and my common friends,--
Hear me yourself; for that which I must speak
Hear me with patience but to speak a word.
Hear me speak:
Hear me one word;
Hear me a word;
Hear from me still, and never of me aught
Hear a little further
Head, and butt! an hasty-witted body
He--to give fear to use and liberty,
He, sir! a tapster, sir; parcel-bawd; one that
He, on his right, asking a wife for Edward.
He, more incensed against your majesty
He, but a duke, would have his son a king,
He's within, sir, but not to be spoken withal.
He's with the king your father.
He's very likely now to fall from him,
He's the devil.
He's sudden, if a thing comes in his head.
He's simple and tells much.
He's sentenced; no more hearing.
He's sentenced; 'tis too late.
He's right noble:
He's poor in no one fault, but stored with all.
He's one honest enough: would all the rest were so!
He's not prepared for death. Even for our kitchens
He's not confirm'd; we may deny him yet.
He's mine, or I am his: mine emulation
He's irremoveable,
He's in the right. Constable, what say you to it?
He's hearing of a cause; he will come straight
He's gentle and not fearful.
He's coming.
He's beat from his best ward.
He's banish'd, and it shall be so.
He's all my exercise, my mirth, my matter,
He's a lamb indeed, that baes like a bear.
He's a disease that must be cut away.
He's a bear indeed, that lives like a lamb. You two
He'll woo a thousand, 'point the day of marriage,
He'll think anon it lives.
He'll stay my lord.
He'll never hear him.
He'll fright you up, i' faith. Will it not be?
He'll beat Aufidius 'head below his knee
He'll be hang'd yet,
He'ld sow't with nettle-seed.
He'ld make an end of thy posterity.
He would unhorse the lustiest challenger.
He would not, but by gift of my chaste body
He would not stay at your petitions: made
He would not seem to know me.
He would not flatter Neptune for his trident,
He would not call me son.
He would not answer to: forbad all names;
He would have weigh'd thy brother by himself
He wonders to what end you have assembled
He wishes earnestly you never may.
He will shake
He will not wake.
He will hear none: he hath evermore had the liberty
He will do all in all as Hastings doth.
He will be talking.
He will allow no speech, which I do guess
He who the sword of heaven will bear
He who shall speak for her is afar off guilty
He whined and roar'd away your victory,
He were as much more villain: you, my lord,
He water'd his new plants with dews of flattery,
He was? Why, so! go all which way it will!
He was your enemy, ever spake against
He was too hard for him directly, to say the troth
He was the wretched'st thing when he was young,
He was the author, thou the instrument.
He was not taken well; he had not dined:
He was not so resolved when last we spake together.
He was indeed the duke; out o' the substitution
He was in the right; and so indeed it is.
He was drunk then, my lord: it can be no better.
He was convey'd by Richard Duke of Gloucester
He was a thing of blood, whose every motion
He was a man; this, in respect, a child:
He was a kind of nothing, titleless,
He wants advice.
He waged me with his countenance, as if
He used us scornfully: he should have show'd us
He took good rest to-night;
He told me Paris should have married Juliet:
He tires betimes that spurs too fast betimes;
He thus should steal upon us.
He throws without distinction. Give me leave,
He thinks, nay, with all confidence he swears,
He thinks that you should bear me on your shoulders.
He thinks me now incapable; confederates--
He that will give good words to thee will flatter
He that retires I'll take him for a Volsce,
He that no more must say is listen'd more
He that knows better how to tame a shrew,
He that is strucken blind cannot forget
He that is giddy thinks the world turns round.
He that hath suffer'd this disorder'd spring
He that has the two fair daughters: is't he you mean?
He that has but effected his good will
He that doth naught with her, excepting one,
He that bereft thee, lady, of thy husband,
He tells her something
He swung about his head and cut the winds,
He swore consent to your succession,
He straight declined, droop'd, took it deeply,
He still hath held them; that to's power he would
He speak against me on the adverse side,
He something seems unsettled.
He smiles, and says his Edward is install'd;
He smiled and said 'The better for our purpose.'
He slily stole away and left his men:
He shows his reason for that: to have a dispatch of
He should, for that, commit your godfathers:
He should receive his punishment in thanks:
He should have leave to go away betimes,
He should have had a volume of farewells;
He should have found his uncle Gaunt a father,
He should have braved the east an hour ago
He shortens four years of my son's exile:
He shall, sure on't.
He shall well know
He shall not.
He shall not, Isabel, if you give me love.
He shall not rule me.
He shall not pass you. Twice have the trumpets sounded;
He shall not make me there a joyful bride.
He shall know you better, sir, if I may live to
He shall here find his friends with horse and men
He shall espouse Elizabeth her daughter.
He shall be thrown down the Tarpeian rock
He shall be none;
He shall be endured:
He sent in writing after me; what he would not,
He sends ye not to murder me for this
He seems to be the more noble in being fantastical:
He seems to be of great authority: close with him,
He says, to veil full purpose.
He says so, Tranio.
He said the truth: and what said Surrey then?
He said he had wounds, which he could show
He rose against him, being his sovereign,
He receives comfort like cold porridge.
He ran this way, and leap'd this orchard wall:
He proved best man i' the field, and for his meed
He professes to have received no sinister measure
He prettily and aptly taunts himself:
He prays but faintly and would be denied;
He neither does nor shall.
He needs no indirect nor lawless course
He must, and will
He must before the deputy, sir; he has given him
He must be told on't, and he shall: the office
He mock'd us when he begg'd our voices.
He misses not much.
He might have kept that glory to this day;
He means, my lord, that we are too remiss;
He may surrender; so we shall proceed
He may command me as my sovereign;
He makes for England, there to claim the crown.
He makes a July's day short as December,
He made you for a highway to my bed;
He lurch'd all swords of the garland. For this last,
He loves your people
He loves you, on my life, and holds you dear
He loved his mother dearly.
He looks like sooth. He says he loves my daughter:
He lives that loves thee better than he could.
He lived from all attainder of suspect.
He little thought of this divided friendship:
He lent me counsel and I lent him eyes.
He knew me as a wife. As this is true,
He kills her in her own humour.
He jests at scars that never felt a wound.
He is; and, see, he brings the mayor along.
He is.
He is, my lord, and safe in Leicester town;
He is, and feasts the nobles of the state
He is your husband on a pre-contract:
He is within, with two right reverend fathers,
He is wise;
He is their god: he leads them like a thing
He is our subject, Mowbray; so art thou:
He is our cousin, cousin; but 'tis doubt,
He is not lolling on a lewd day-bed,
He is not guilty of her coming hither.
He is no less than what we say he is.
He is my son; yea, and therein my shame;
He is my father, sir; and, sooth to say,
He is in heaven, where thou shalt never come.
He is frank'd up to fatting for his pains
He is dishonour'd by a man which ever
He is coming.
He is coming, sir, he is coming; I hear his straw rustle.
He is both king and Duke of Lancaster;
He is as like thee as a man may be,
He is all the mother's, from the top to toe.
He is a man, and, Clifford, cope with him.
He is a kinsman to the Montague;
He hugg'd me in his arms, and swore, with sobs,
He hearkens after prophecies and dreams;
He heareth not, he stirreth not, he moveth not;
He heard the name of death.
He hath, my lord.
He hath the jewel of my life in hold,
He hath songs for man or woman, of all sizes; no
He hath some meaning in his mad attire:
He hath ribbons of an the colours i' the rainbow;
He hath released him, Isabel, from the world:
He hath promised you more than that, or there be liars.
He hath paid you all he promised you; may be, he has
He hath not money for these Irish wars,
He hath no friends but who are friends for fear.
He hath hereto prized them at.
He hath got his friend with child.
He hath good usage and great liberty,
He hath deserved worthily of his country: and his
He hath but as offended in a dream!
He hath abused your powers.
He hath a garden circummured with brick,
He has the stamp of Marcius; and I have
He has our voices, sir.
He has no equal.
He has it now, and by his looks methink
He has his health and ampler strength indeed
He has done nobly, and cannot go without any honest
He has discover'd my design, and I
He has betray'd your business, and given up,
He has a son, who shall be flayed alive; then
He had, my lord; and that it was which caused
He had, before this last expedition, twenty-five
He had so; looking as it were--would I were hanged,
He had rather venture all his limbs for honour
He had rather see the swords, and hear a drum, than
He had been aboard, carousing to his mates
He for his father's sake so loves the prince,
He flouted us downright.
He fires the proud tops of the eastern pines
He durst not sit there, had your father lived.
He dreamt to-night the boar had razed his helm:
He dreads his wife.
He doth with holy abstinence subdue
He doth appear.
He does well in 't.
He does me double wrong
He does it under name of perfect love;
He does fair justice; if he give me way,
He dies to-night.
He dies to me again when talk'd of: sure,
He dies for Claudio's death.
He did.
He did, my lord.
He did, my gracious lord, begin that place;
He did solicit you in free contempt
He did inform the truth: but for our gentlemen,
He cried upon it at the merest loss
He cried to me; I saw him prisoner;
He could not stay to pick them in a pile
He could not miss't.
He could never come better; he shall come in. I
He could have temporized.
He consul!
He chides to hell and bids the other grow
He cares not for your weeping. Speak thou, boy:
He capers nimbly in a lady's chamber
He cannot, sir; he's out at elbow.
He cannot temperately transport his honours
He cannot live, I hope; and must not die
He cannot choose. I am most fortunate, thus
He cannot but with measure fit the honours
He cannot be compell'd to't--once remove
He can command, lets it straight feel the spur;
He came with flowers to strew his lady's grave;
He came alive to land.
He calls for wine: 'A health!' quoth he, as if
He calls again; I pray you, answer him.
He breathes, my lord. Were he not warm'd with ale,
He bow'd his nature, never known before
He bears him like a portly gentleman;
He bear himself with honourable action,
He be as miserably slain as I.
He bade me say so--more than all the sceptres
He approaches: you shall hear him.
He and Aufidius can no more atone
Having the fearful flying hare in sight,
Having some business, do entreat her eyes
Having seen but him and Caliban: foolish wench!
Having no warrant.
Having no other reason
Having no more but thought of what thou wert,
Having my freedom, boast of nothing else
Having my country's peace and brothers' loves.
Having fully dined before.
Having displeased my father, to Laurence' cell,
Having determined of the Volsces and
Having bound up the threatening twigs of birch,
Having bought love with such a bloody spoil.
Having God, her conscience, and these bars
Have, sure, more lack of reason. What would you say?
Have you thought on
Have you so soon forgot the entertainment
Have you not set them on?
Have you no countermand for Claudio yet,
Have you inform'd them sithence?
Have you importuned him by any means?
Have you got leave to go to shrift to-day?
Have you forgot the Duke of Hereford, boy?
Have you done there?
Have you deserved: it is my father's music
Have you deliver'd to her our decree?
Have you collected them by tribes?
Have you a father?
Have you a catalogue
Have you
Have wrought the easy-melting king like wax.
Have woe to woe, sorrow to sorrow join'd.
Have with you.
Have we pass'd through, not without much content
Have we not had a taste of his obedience?
Have we no wine here?
Have we mow'd down, in tops of all their pride!
Have we more sons? or are we like to have?
Have we march'd on without impediment;
Have utter'd truth: which if you seek to prove,
Have torn their souls by turning them from us,
Have too much blood in him.
Have told me, I being by, that I should kill him?
Have to my widow! and if she be froward,
Have thy desire.
Have thrice disturb'd the quiet of our streets,
Have they been merry! which their keepers call
Have the patricians of you. For your wants,
Have the disease, and feel't not. How now, boy!
Have taken treasure from her lips--
Have taken sanctuary: the tender prince
Have sunk the sea within the earth or ere
Have struck more terror to the soul of Richard
Have strain'd to appear thus: if one jot beyond
Have stoop'd my neck under your injuries,
Have sold their lives unto the house of York;
Have shaken Edward from the regal seat,
Have said and writ so, but your writing now
Have robb'd my strong-knit sinews of their strength,
Have patience, madam: there's no doubt his majesty
Have other some: why, 'tis a happy thing
Have now the fatal object in my eye
Have not to do with him, beware of him;
Have not saints lips, and holy palmers too?
Have no delight to pass away the time,
Have my old feet stumbled at graves! Who's there?
Have moved his highness to commit me now.
Have mercy, Jesu!--Soft! I did but dream.
Have made them mules, silenced their pleaders and
Have made it tedious, wearisome, and heavy
Have lost a brace of kinsmen: all are punish'd.
Have left me issueless; and your father's blest,
Have leave and leisure to make love to her
Have just our theme of woe; but for the miracle,
Have in our armours watch'd the winter's night,
Have holp to make this rescue?
Have here deliver'd me to my sour cross,
Have hent the gates, and very near upon
Have felt the worst of death's destroying wound
Have ever made me sour my patient cheek,
Have done, have done.
Have done! for shame, if not for charity.
Have done with words, my lords, and hear me speak.
Have done thy charm, thou hateful wither'd hag!
Have done the time more benefit and graced
Have done a drunken slaughter, and defaced
Have chid me from the battle; swearing both
Have caused him, by new act of parliament,
Have by my hands of life bereaved him.
Have benched and reared to worship, who mayst see
Have been so brief with you, to shorten you,
Have been beholding to him in his life;
Have been as piercing as the mid-day sun,
Have aught committed that is hardly borne
Have at you for a bitter jest or two!
Have at thee, coward!
Have any resting for her true king's queen.
Have almost stamp'd the leasing: therefore, fellow,
Have all forsook me, hath devour'd the rest;
Have a tongue to doom my brother's death,
Have I, thy schoolmaster, made thee more profit
Have I thought long to see this morning's face,
Have I since your departure had, my lords.
Have I pluck'd off, to grace thy brows withal:
Have I not told thee how I was cozened by the way
Have I not reason to look pale and dead?
Have I not in my time heard lions roar?
Have I not in a pitched battle heard
Have I not heard the sea puff'd up with winds
Have I not heard great ordnance in the field,
Have I in such a prison.
Have I here touch'd Sicilia and from him
Have I heard groan and drop: then know me not,
Have I had children's voices?
Have I enjoy'd the golden dew of sleep,
Have I deserved at your highness' hands.
Hath yielded up his body to the grave;
Hath yet the deputy sent my brother's pardon?
Hath yet a kind of medicine in itself,
Hath with the king's blood stain'd the king's own land.
Hath widow'd and unchilded many a one,
Hath wash'd thy sallow cheeks for Rosaline!
Hath virgin'd it e'er since. You gods! I prate,
Hath twice done salutation to the morn;
Hath turn'd my feigned prayer on my head
Hath thwarted our intents. Come, come away.
Hath thus stood for his country: therefore,
Hath that poor monarch taught thee to insult?
Hath stopp'd the passage where thy words should enter.
Hath sorted out a sudden day of joy,
Hath sometime loved! I take thy hand, this hand,
Hath slain ten thousand Tybalts. Tybalt's death
Hath she to change our loves. Beseech you, sir,
Hath she had any more than one husband?
Hath she forgot already that brave prince,
Hath set the women on to this complaint:
Hath sent a letter to his father's house.
Hath seized the wasteful king. O, what pity is it
Hath raised in Gallia have arrived our coast
Hath publish'd and proclaim'd it openly:
Hath promised me to help me to another,
Hath power to keep you king in spite of all.
Hath power enough to serve our turn. But who comes here?
Hath pawn'd the Sicils and Jerusalem,
Hath pawn'd an open hand in sign of love;
Hath pass'd in safety through the narrow seas,
Hath overta'en mine act.
Hath often still'd my brawling discontent.
Hath now himself met with the fall of leaf:
Hath not yet dived into the world's deceit
Hath not that honour in't it had; for where
Hath not so green, so quick, so fair an eye
Hath not our brother made a worthy choice?
Hath not been used to fear. Even now I tremble
Hath not a tomb so evident as a chair
Hath made us by-words to our enemies.
Hath made thy person for the thrower-out
Hath made his meal on thee?
Hath made her break out into terms of rage!
Hath made a shameful conquest of itself.
Hath love in thy old blood no living fire?
Hath look'd upon my passes. Then, good prince,
Hath kept with thy remembrance.
Hath in the tables of his law commanded
Hath in eternal darkness folded up.
Hath held his current and defiled himself!
Hath he so long held out with me untired,
Hath he set bounds betwixt their love and me?
Hath he not pass'd the noble and the common?
Hath he deserved to lose his birthright thus?
Hath he born himself penitently in prison? how
Hath he a sister?
Hath had no power yet upon thy beauty:
Hath had no notice of these accidents;
Hath from the number of his banish'd years
Hath dimm'd your infant morn to aged night.
Hath cost me an hundred crowns since supper-time.
Hath clouded all thy happy days on earth:
Hath caused his death: the which if wrongfully,
Hath brought me to thy hearth; not out of hope--
Hath broke his staff, resign'd his stewardship,
Hath blister'd her report: she is with child;
Hath been! is it ended, then? Our state thinks not
Hath been my kinsman! O sweet Juliet,
Hath been beyond account.
Hath been as continent, as chaste, as true,
Hath any well-advised friend proclaim'd
Hath an aspect of intercession, which
Hath almost overta'en him in his growth.
Hath all so long detain'd you from your wife,
Hath Romeo slain himself? say thou but 'I,'
Hath Death lain with thy wife. There she lies,
Hastings, and Edward's children, Rivers, Grey,
Hasting to the court.
Haste still pays haste, and leisure answers leisure;
Hast thou, spirit,
Hast thou, according to thy oath and band,
Hast thou that holy feeling in thy soul,
Hast thou tapp'd out and drunkenly caroused:
Hast thou slain Tybalt? wilt thou slay thyself?
Hast thou read truth?
Hast thou no letters to me from the friar?
Hast thou met with him? Send thy man away.
Hast thou beheld a fresher gentlewoman?
Hast not the soft way which, thou dost confess,
Hast cleansed my bosom, I from thee departed
Has these poor men in question. Never saw I
Has the old man e'er a son, sir, do you hear. an't
Has spoken like a traitor, and shall answer
Has said enough.
Has made thee swell thus.
Has he disciplined Aufidius soundly?
Has he dined, canst thou tell? for I would not
Has deserved prison, then abound in tears
Has cluck'd thee to the wars and safely home,
Has censured him
Harry, how fares your uncle?
Harry of Hereford, Lancaster and Derby,
Harry of Hereford, Lancaster and Derby,
Harry of Hereford, Lancaster and Derby
Harry Bolingbroke doth humbly kiss thy hand;
Harp on that still--but by our putting on;
Harp on it still shall I till heart-strings break.
Harp not on that, nor do not banish reason
Harp not on that string, madam; that is past.
Hark, how they knock! Who's there? Romeo, arise;
Hark, how the villain would close now, after his
Hark, hark, my lord! what shouts are these?
Hark, hark! I hear the minstrels play.
Hark, hark!
Hark, Tranio! thou may'st hear Minerva speak.
Hark, Petruchio; she says she'll see thee
Hark, Perdita
Hark! the trumpets.
Hark! our drums
Hark! now I hear them,--Ding-dong, bell.
Hark! he stirs: shall I strike?
Hark! a drum.
Hark you. far off!
Hark you, sir; you mean not her to--
Hark you, sir: I'll have them very fairly bound:
Hark ye;
Hark ye, your Romeo will be here at night:
Hark in thine ear.
Hark how I'll bribe you: good my lord, turn back.
Hardly one subject.
Hard-hearted Clifford, take me from the world:
Hard-favour'd Richard? Richard, where art thou?
Happy, indeed, as we have spent the day.
Happy were England, would this gracious prince
Happy the parents of so fair a child;
Happy return be to your royal grace!
Happy be you!
Happiness courts thee in her best array;
Happily we met; the happier for thy son.
Happily met, my lady and my wife!
Happily
Happier the man, whom favourable stars
Haply to wive and thrive as best I may:
Haply some poison yet doth hang on them,
Hap what hap may, I'll roundly go about her:
Hannibal! I respected with her before I was married
Hang, cur! hang, you whoreson, insolent noisemaker!
Hang thee, young baggage! disobedient wretch!
Hang him, Jack! Come, we'll in here; tarry for the
Hang all the husbands
Hang 'em! They say!
Half an hour since brought my report.
Half all Cominius' honours are to Marcius.
Haled out to murder: myself on every post
Hail, virgin, if you be, as those cheek-roses
Hail, royal prince!
Hail, noble Marcius!
Hail, most royal sir!
Hail, lords! I am return'd your soldier,
Hail to you, provost! so I think you are.
Hail to you both!
Hail sir!
Hag-seed, hence!
Hadst thou no poison mix'd, no sharp-ground knife,
Hadst thou groan'd for him
Hadst thou but loved him half so well as I,
Hadst thou beheld--
Hadst thou been meek, our title still had slept;
Hadst thou been kill'd when first thou didst presume,
Had you such leisure in the time of death
Had you first died, and he been thus trod down,
Had you a special warrant for the deed?
Had we no quarrel else to Rome, but that
Had virtuous uncles to protect his grace.
Had time cohered with place or place with wishing,
Had thy brethren here, their lives and thine
Had squared me to thy counsel! then, even now,
Had so much grace to put it in my mind.
Had slipp'd our claim until another age.
Had she such power,
Had she affections and warm youthful blood,
Had servants true about me, that bare eyes
Had rather have us win than him they follow:
Had part in this fair maid; now heaven hath all,
Had our prince,
Had not you come upon your cue, my lord
Had not been broken, nor my brother slain:
Had not an ear to hear my true time broke.
Had loved you as we did.
Had left no mourning widows for our death;
Had he none else to make a stale but me?
Had he done so, himself had borne the crown,
Had he done so to great and growing men,
Had he been ta'en, we should have heard the news;
Had he been slaughter-man to all my kin,
Had he been slain, we should have heard the news;
Had graced the tender temples of my child,
Had circumvention? 'Tis not four days gone
Had borne the business!'
Had borne the action of yourself, or else
Had been more merciful. Come on, poor babe:
Had answer'd for his deed: now 'tis awake
Had I thy youth and cause, I would not stay.
Had I plantation of this isle, my lord,--
Had I not reason, think ye, to make haste,
Had I more name for badness.
Had I it written, I would tear the word.
Had I been there, which am a silly woman,
Had I been any god of power, I would
Had I a glass, I would.
Haberdasher:
Ha, ha, ha! So, you're paid.
Ha, ha! what a fool Honesty is! and Trust, his
Ha, ha! keep time: how sour sweet music is,
Ha, banishment! be merciful, say 'death;'
Ha' not you seen, Camillo,--
Ha! what is that?
Ha! little honour to be much believed,
Ha! let me see her: out, alas! she's cold:
Ha! fie, these filthy vices! It were as good
Ha! durst the traitor breathe out so proud words?
Ha! am I king? 'tis so: but Edward lives.
Ha! Marcius coming home!
Ha!
Ha!
Ha!
Ha!
Ha!
HORTENSIO:
HORTENSIO:
HORTENSIO:
HORTENSIO:
HORTENSIO:
HORTENSIO:
HORTENSIO:
HORTENSIO:
HORTENSIO:
HORTENSIO:
HORTENSIO:
HORTENSIO:
HORTENSIO:
HORTENSIO:
HORTENSIO:
HORTENSIO:
HORTENSIO:
HORTENSIO:
HORTENSIO:
HORTENSIO:
HORTENSIO:
HORTENSIO:
HORTENSIO:
HORTENSIO:
HORTENSIO:
HORTENSIO:
HORTENSIO:
HORTENSIO:
HORTENSIO:
HORTENSIO:
HORTENSIO:
HORTENSIO:
HORTENSIO:
HORTENSIO:
HORTENSIO:
HORTENSIO:
HORTENSIO:
HORTENSIO:
HORTENSIO:
HORTENSIO:
HORTENSIO:
HORTENSIO:
HORTENSIO:
HORTENSIO:
HORTENSIO:
HORTENSIO:
HORTENSIO:
HORTENSIO:
HORTENSIO:
HORTENSIO:
HORTENSIO:
HORTENSIO:
HORTENSIO:
HORTENSIO:
HORTENSIO:
HORTENSIO:
HORTENSIO:
HORTENSIO:
HORTENSIO:
HORTENSIO:
HORTENSIO:
HORTENSIO:
HORTENSIO:
HORTENSIO:
HORTENSIO:
HORTENSIO:
HORTENSIO:
HORTENSIO:
HORTENSIO:
HORTENSIA:
HERMIONE:
HERMIONE:
HERMIONE:
HERMIONE:
HERMIONE:
HERMIONE:
HERMIONE:
HERMIONE:
HERMIONE:
HERMIONE:
HERMIONE:
HERMIONE:
HERMIONE:
HERMIONE:
HERMIONE:
HERMIONE:
HERMIONE:
HERMIONE:
HERMIONE:
HERMIONE:
HERMIONE:
HERMIONE:
HERMIONE:
HERMIONE:
HERMIONE:
HERMIONE:
HERMIONE:
HERMIONE:
HERMIONE:
HERMIONE:
HERMIONE:
HERMIONE:
HERMIONE:
HERMIONE:
HERMIONE:
HERBERT:
HENRY PERCY:
HENRY PERCY:
HENRY PERCY:
HENRY PERCY:
HENRY PERCY:
HENRY PERCY:
HENRY PERCY:
HENRY PERCY:
HENRY PERCY:
HENRY PERCY:
HENRY PERCY:
HENRY PERCY:
HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
HASTINGS:
HASTINGS:
HASTINGS:
HASTINGS:
HASTINGS:
HASTINGS:
HASTINGS:
HASTINGS:
HASTINGS:
HASTINGS:
HASTINGS:
HASTINGS:
HASTINGS:
HASTINGS:
HASTINGS:
HASTINGS:
HASTINGS:
HASTINGS:
HASTINGS:
HASTINGS:
HASTINGS:
HASTINGS:
HASTINGS:
HASTINGS:
HASTINGS:
HASTINGS:
HASTINGS:
HASTINGS:
HASTINGS:
HASTINGS:
HASTINGS:
HASTINGS:
HASTINGS:
HASTINGS:
HASTINGS:
HASTINGS:
HASTINGS:
HASTINGS:
HASTINGS:
HASTINGS:
HASTINGS:
HASTINGS:
HASTINGS:
HASTINGS:
HASTINGS:
HASTINGS:
HASTINGS:
HASTINGS:
HASTINGS:
HASTINGS:
HASTINGS:
HASTINGS:
HASTINGS:
HASTINGS:
HASTINGS:
Guiltier than him they try. What's open made to justice,
Guess thou the rest; King Edward's friends must down,
Guard it, I pray thee, with a lurking adder
Grumio, my horse.
Grumio, mum! God save you, Signior Gremio.
Grumio gave order how it should be done.
Grows strong and great in substance and in power.
Grown fear'd and tedious; yea, my gravity,
Grossly grew captive to his honey words
Groping for trouts in a peculiar river.
Groom:
Groom:
Groom:
Groom:
Groan! why, no.
Grim-visaged war hath smooth'd his wrinkled front;
Grim death, how foul and loathsome is thine image!
Griefs of mine own lie heavy in my breast,
Grief of my son's exile hath stopp'd her breath:
Gremio, 'tis now no time to vent our love:
Gremio, 'tis known my father hath no less
Gregory, o' my word, we'll not carry coals.
Green earthen pots, bladders and musty seeds,
Greater he shall not be; if he serve God,
Great. Pompey, you are partly a bawd, Pompey,
Great nature cries 'Deny not.' let the Volsces
Great men may jest with saints; 'tis wit in them,
Great lords, wise men ne'er sit and wail their loss,
Great king, within this coffin I present
Great hurt and mischief; thereto witness may
Great cause to give great thanks.
Great Lord of Warwick, if we should recount
Great God of heaven, say Amen to all!
Great Duke of Lancaster, I come to thee
Great Apollo
Great Albion's queen in former golden days:
Graze where you will you shall not house with me:
Graybeard, thy love doth freeze.
Grant me this boon.
Grandam, we can; for my good uncle Gloucester
Grandam, this would have been a biting jest.
Grandam, one night, as we did sit at supper,
Grandam, his nurse.
Gramercy, fellow: there, drink that for me.
Gramercies, lad, go forward; this contents:
Gramercies, Tranio, well dost thou advise.
Gracious my lord,
Grace to stand, and virtue go;
Grace to boot!
Grace of the duke, revenges to your heart,
Grace me no grace, nor uncle me no uncle:
Grace go with you, Benedicite!
Governs Lord Angelo; a man whose blood
Got my lord chamberlain his liberty.
Gorged with the dearest morsel of the earth,
Good-morrow, cousin.
Good, yet remember whom thou hast aboard.
Good, speak to the mariners: fall to't, yarely,
Good work, you and your cry! Shall's to the Capitol?
Good wombs have borne bad sons.
Good uncle, let this end where it begun;
Good uncle, help to order several powers
Good time of day unto your royal grace!
Good time of day unto my gracious lord!
Good things will strive to dwell with't.
Good sooth, even thus; therefore ha' done with words:
Good sometime queen, prepare thee hence for France:
Good sister, wrong me not, nor wrong yourself,
Good sir, adieu.
Good queen; I say good queen;
Good queen, my lord,
Good queen!
Good prudence; smatter with your gossips, go.
Good pilgrim, you do wrong your hand too much,
Good or bad?
Good night:
Good night.
Good night.
Good night, good night! parting is such
Good night, good night! as sweet repose and rest
Good night, good Captain Blunt. Come gentlemen,
Good night to your redress! Is the duke gone?
Good news, good news; the ladies have prevail'd,
Good news or bad, that thou comest in so bluntly?
Good my lord,--
Good my lord, forbear:
Good my lord, be good to me; your honour is accounted
Good my lord, be cured
Good my lord,
Good my liege, I come;
Good my friends,
Good mother, be content; it is no more
Good morrow, neighbour Gremio.
Good morrow, neighbour Baptista.
Good morrow, gentle mistress: where away?
Good morrow, father.
Good morrow, Richmond!
Good morrow, Kate; for that's your name, I hear.
Good morrow, Catesby; you are early stirring
Good morrow to you both. What counterfeit did I give you?
Good morrow to my sovereign king and queen:
Good morning to you, fair and gracious daughter.
Good masters, take it not unkindly, pray,
Good man, the wounds that he does bear for Rome!
Good madam,--
Good madam, be not angry with the child.
Good lords, make all the speedy haste you may.
Good lords, conduct him to his regiment:
Good lady,
Good ladies, let's go. Yes, yes, yes; the senate
Good king, great king, and yet not greatly good,
Good king of cats, nothing but one of your nine
Good heart, at what?
Good heart, and, i' faith, I will tell her as much:
Good gentleman! the wrongs I have done thee stir
Good gentle youth, tempt not a desperate man;
Good friar, let's hear it.
Good friar, I know you do, and have found it.
Good father, I beseech you on my knees,
Good faith, good faith, the saying did not hold
Good faith, and when I met this holy man,
Good faith, I'll prove him,
Good expedition be my friend, and comfort
Good even. Friar, where's the provost?
Good even, good father.
Good even to my ghostly confessor.
Good day, my lord. What, at your book so hard?
Good day, Camillo.
Good counsel, marry: learn it, learn it, marquess.
Good brother, as thou lovest and honourest arms,
Good boatswain, have care. Where's the master?
Good aunt, you wept not for our father's death;
Good aunt, stand up.
Good aunt, stand up.
Good Peter, to hide her face; for her fan's the
Good Paulina,
Good Norfolk, hie thee to thy charge;
Good Master Froth, look upon his honour; 'tis for a
Good Marcius home again.
Good Lord, how bright and goodly shines the moon!
Good Kate; I am a gentleman.
Good Clarence, do; sweet Clarence, do thou do it.
Good Catesby, go, effect this business soundly.
Good Captain Blunt, bear my good-night to him,
Good Captain Blunt, bear my good night to him
Gone already!
Golden quoifs and stomachers,
Golden Apollo, a poor humble swain,
Gold were as good as twenty orators,
Going to find a bare-foot brother out
Goes all decorum.
God-den, our neighbours.
God-den to you all, god-den to you all.
God-a-mercy, Grumio! then he shall have no odds.
God's wrong is most of all.
God's is the quarrel; for God's substitute,
God's bread! it makes me mad:
God ye good morrow, gentlemen.
God ye good den, fair gentlewoman.
God witness with me, I have wept for thine.
God will revenge it; whom I will importune
God will revenge it. But come, let us in,
God will in justice ward you as his soldiers;
God shield I should disturb devotion!
God send you joy, Petruchio! 'tis a match.
God save your majesty! and well met, gentlemen:
God save your lordship!
God save your honour!
God save your grace! I do beseech your majesty,
God save your good worships! Marcius is coming
God save you, sir!
God save you, gentlemen!
God save the mark!--here on his manly breast:
God save the king! although I be not he;
God save the king! Will no man say amen?
God save his majesty!
God save King Harry, unking'd Richard says,
God pardon them that are the cause of it!
God pardon sin! wast thou with Rosaline?
God pardon all oaths that are broke to me!
God make your majesty joyful as you have been!
God knows, in anguish, pain and agony.
God knows I will not do it, to the death.
God knows I had as lief be none as one.
God keep your lordship in that gracious mind!
God keep you from them, and from such false friends!
God keep the prince from all the pack of you!
God keep me from false friends! but they were none.
God keep all vows unbroke that swear to thee!
God join'd my heart and Romeo's, thou our hands;
God in thy good cause make thee prosperous!
God in heaven bless her!
God hold it, to your honour's good content!
God grant we never may have need of you!
God grant that some, less noble and less loyal,
God grant him health! Did you confer with him?
God give your graces both
God give us leisure for these rites of love!
God give him joy!
God gi' god-den. I pray, sir, can you read?
God forgive my sins, and pardon thee!
God forbid! Where's this girl? What, Juliet!
God for his mercy, what treachery is here!
God for his mercy! what a tide of woes
God for his Richard hath in heavenly pay
God bless your grace! we see it, and will say it.
God bless your grace with health and happy days!
God bless thee; and put meekness in thy mind,
God and your arms be praised, victorious friends,
God and our innocency defend and guard us!
God and our good cause fight upon our side;
God and Saint George! Richmond and victory!
Go; away with her to prison!
Go; I'll to dinner: hie you to the cell.
Go, you cot-quean, go,
Go, trumpet, to the walls, and sound a parle.
Go, tread the path that thou shalt ne'er return.
Go, then; for 'tis in vain
Go, then my mother, to thy daughter go
Go, tell the prince: run to the Capulets:
Go, take it up unto thy master's use.
Go, sound thy trumpet in the market-place;
Go, some of you, whoe'er you find attach.
Go, some of you convey him to the Tower.
Go, sirrah, trudge about
Go, sirrah, take them to the buttery,
Go, signify as much, while here we march
Go, see him out at gates, and follow him,
Go, say I sent thee forth to purchase honour
Go, rate thy minions, proud insulting boy!
Go, rascals, go, and fetch my supper in.
Go, play, boy, play: thy mother plays, and I
Go, nurse, go with her: we'll to church to-morrow.
Go, masters, get you home; be not dismay'd:
Go, hop me over every kennel home,
Go, hie thee, hie thee from this slaughter-house,
Go, go, up to the leads; the lord mayor knocks.
Go, go, poor soul, I envy not thy glory
Go, go, dispatch.
Go, girl; I cannot blame thee now to weep;
Go, girl, seek happy nights to happy days.
Go, get you to your house; be gone, away!
Go, get you home, you fragments!
Go, get thee to thy love, as was decreed,
Go, get thee hence, for I will not away.
Go, get thee gone, thou false deluding slave,
Go, get thee gone, I say.
Go, fool, and whom thou keep'st command.
Go, fellow, go, return unto thy lord;
Go, fellow, get thee home, provide some carts
Go, do our bidding; hence!
Go, count thy way with sighs; I mine with groans.
Go, call the people:
Go, call my men, and let us straight to him;
Go, by this token: rise, and lend thine ear:
Go, bind thou up yon dangling apricocks,
Go, bid thy master rise and come to me
Go, bear them hence; I will not hear them speak.
Go, be gone.
Go, and be ruled: although I know thou hadst rather
Go, after, after, cousin Buckingham.
Go, Lovel, with all speed to Doctor Shaw;
Go, Cleomenes;
Go, Bushy, to the Earl of Wiltshire straight:
Go, Biondello, bid your mistress come to me.
Go you to him from me.
Go you to Juliet ere you go to bed,
Go you the next way with your findings. I'll go see
Go you before, and I will follow you.
Go with me to the vault.
Go with me to clothe you as becomes you.
Go whip him, 'fore the people's eyes:--his raising;
Go where you will, the king shall be commanded;
Go we to our tent:
Go waken Juliet, go and trim her up;
Go to; let that be mine:
Go to; I say you shall.
Go to: what quality are they of? Elbow is your
Go to, we pardon thee: therefore, in brief,
Go to, then.
Go to, sir; you weigh equally; a feather will turn
Go to, go to;
Go to, go to: no matter for the dish, sir.
Go to, go to!
Go to them, with this bonnet in thy hand;
Go to the rude ribs of that ancient castle;
Go to the feast, revel and domineer,
Go to my chamber; Put on clothes of mine.
Go to kennel, Pompey; go.
Go to Flint castle: there I'll pine away;
Go thou, and like an executioner,
Go thou, and fill another room in hell.
Go thou to Juliet, help to deck up her;
Go thou to Friar Penker; bid them both
Go thou away:
Go thither; and, with unattainted eye,
Go then; and with a countenance as clear
Go tell the lords o' the city I am here:
Go take her hence, and marry her instantly.
Go some of you and fetch a looking-glass.
Go sleep, and hear us.
Go see this rumourer whipp'd. It cannot be
Go ply thy needle; meddle not with her.
Go play, Mamillius; thou'rt an honest man.
Go on, go on
Go on, and fetch our horses back again.
Go on before; I'll talk with this good fellow.
Go not home.
Go muster men; but, hear you, leave behind
Go make thyself like a nymph o' the sea: be subject
Go levy men, and make prepare for war;
Go in: and tell my lady I am gone,
Go in, Bianca:
Go in to him, and fetch him out.
Go home to bed, and like the owl by day,
Go hence; good night; and here stands all your state:
Go hence, to have more talk of these sad things;
Go hence in debt: and therefore, like a cipher,
Go fetch them hither: if they deny to come.
Go fetch him hither; let me look upon him.
Go do it instantly.
Go before, nurse: commend me to thy lady;
Go bear this lance to Thomas, Duke of Norfolk.
Go ask his name: if he be married.
Go about it.
Go I to fight: truth hath a quiet breast.
Gloves as sweet as damask roses;
Gloucester;
Gloucester,
Gloucester and Buckingham.
Gladly, my lord.
Glad that you thus continue your resolve
Glad am I that your highness is so arm'd
Giving no ground unto the house of York,
Gives signal, of a goodly day to-morrow.
Gives not the hawthorn-bush a sweeter shade
Gives me this instance: already he hath carried
Gives in your weakness strength unto your foe,
Gives but the greater feeling to the worse:
Given to the fire, a moiety of my rest
Given hostile strokes, and that not in the presence
Given Hydra here to choose an officer,
Give you good morrow, sir.
Give you all greetings that a king, at friend,
Give way to what's seen now! Sir, you yourself
Give way there, and go on!
Give us some seats. Come, cousin Angelo;
Give up your keys.
Give up your body to such sweet uncleanness
Give the all-hail to thee and cry 'Be blest
Give sorrow leave awhile to tutor me
Give some supportance to the bending twigs.
Give signal to the fight, and to it, lords!
Give scandal to the blood o' the prince my son,
Give rest to the minds of others, such as he
Give mistress Shore one gentle kiss the more.
Give mine the benefit of seniory,
Give me, give me! O, tell not me of fear!
Give me thy torch, boy: hence, and stand aloof:
Give me thy hand; 'tis late: farewell; good night.
Give me thy hand: I will swear to the prince thou
Give me thy hand: Come.
Give me thy hand.
Give me thy hand, Kate: I will unto Venice,
Give me thy gold, if thou hast any gold:
Give me those flowers. Do as I bid thee, go.
Give me the light: upon thy life, I charge thee,
Give me the letter; I will look on it.
Give me the glass, and therein will I read.
Give me the crown. Here, cousin, seize the crown;
Give me the boy: I am glad you did not nurse him:
Give me that mattock and the wrenching iron.
Give me that hand of yours to kiss.
Give me some present counsel, or, behold,
Give me some ink and paper.
Give me some ink and paper in my tent
Give me some breath, some little pause, my lord
Give me no help in lamentation;
Give me my sin again.
Give me my boots, I say; saddle my horse.
Give me my boots, I say.
Give me my Romeo; and, when he shall die,
Give me mine own again; 'twere no good part
Give me his gage: lions make leopards tame.
Give me excuse, good madam; I will obey you in every
Give me assurance with some friendly vow,
Give me another horse: bind up my wounds.
Give me a torch: I am not for this ambling;
Give me a case to put my visage in:
Give me Bianca for my patrimony.
Give him deserved vexation. Let a guard
Give Richard leave to live till Richard die?
Girl:
Girl:
Girl:
Ghosts of young Princes:
Ghost of VAUGHAN:
Ghost of RIVERS:
Ghost of Prince Edward:
Ghost of LADY ANNE:
Ghost of King Henry VI:
Ghost of HASTINGS:
Ghost of GREY:
Ghost of CLARENCE:
Ghost of BUCKINGHAM:
Get you to bed; faith, You'll be sick to-morrow
Get you hence, for I must go
Get you hence instantly, and tell those friends,
Get you gone.
Get undescried.
Get thee to bed, and rest; for thou hast need.
Get me an iron crow, and bring it straight
Gentlewoman:
Gentlemen, will you go muster men?
Gentlemen, that I may soon make good
Gentlemen, importune me no farther,
Gentlemen, good den: a word with one of you.
Gentlemen, go, muster up your men,
Gentlemen, forward to the bridal dinner:
Gentlemen, for shame, forbear this outrage!
Gentlemen, content ye; I am resolved:
Gentlemen, God save you. If I may be bold,
Gentlemen and friends, I thank you for your pains:
Gentleman:
Gentleman:
Gentleman:
Gentleman:
Gentleman:
Gentleman:
Gentle spectators, that I now may be
Gentle son Edward, thou wilt stay with me?
Gentle my lord, turn back.
Gentle my liege,--
Gentle and fair, your brother kindly greets you:
Gentle Mercutio, put thy rapier up.
Gazed each on other, and look'd deadly pale.
Gave me my being and my father first,
Gave hope thou wast in being, have preserved
Gaunt am I for the grave, gaunt as a grave,
Gardener:
Gardener:
Gardener:
Gardener:
Gardener:
Gardener, for telling me these news of woe,
Gaoler:
Gaoler:
Gaoler:
Gaoler:
Gaoler:
Gaoler:
Gallop apace, you fiery-footed steeds,
Galen is but empiricutic, and, to this preservative,
GRUMIO:
GRUMIO:
GRUMIO:
GRUMIO:
GRUMIO:
GRUMIO:
GRUMIO:
GRUMIO:
GRUMIO:
GRUMIO:
GRUMIO:
GRUMIO:
GRUMIO:
GRUMIO:
GRUMIO:
GRUMIO:
GRUMIO:
GRUMIO:
GRUMIO:
GRUMIO:
GRUMIO:
GRUMIO:
GRUMIO:
GRUMIO:
GRUMIO:
GRUMIO:
GRUMIO:
GRUMIO:
GRUMIO:
GRUMIO:
GRUMIO:
GRUMIO:
GRUMIO:
GRUMIO:
GRUMIO:
GRUMIO:
GRUMIO:
GRUMIO:
GRUMIO:
GRUMIO:
GRUMIO:
GRUMIO:
GRUMIO:
GRUMIO:
GRUMIO:
GRUMIO:
GRUMIO:
GRUMIO:
GRUMIO:
GRUMIO:
GRUMIO:
GRUMIO:
GRUMIO:
GRUMIO:
GRUMIO:
GRUMIO:
GRUMIO:
GRUMIO:
GRUMIO:
GRUMIO:
GRUMIO:
GRUMIO:
GRUMIO:
GREY:
GREY:
GREY:
GREY:
GREY:
GREMIO:
GREMIO:
GREMIO:
GREMIO:
GREMIO:
GREMIO:
GREMIO:
GREMIO:
GREMIO:
GREMIO:
GREMIO:
GREMIO:
GREMIO:
GREMIO:
GREMIO:
GREMIO:
GREMIO:
GREMIO:
GREMIO:
GREMIO:
GREMIO:
GREMIO:
GREMIO:
GREMIO:
GREMIO:
GREMIO:
GREMIO:
GREMIO:
GREMIO:
GREMIO:
GREMIO:
GREMIO:
GREMIO:
GREMIO:
GREMIO:
GREMIO:
GREMIO:
GREMIO:
GREMIO:
GREMIO:
GREMIO:
GREMIO:
GREMIO:
GREMIO:
GREMIO:
GREMIO:
GREMIO:
GREMIO:
GREMIO:
GREMIO:
GREMIO:
GREMIO:
GREMIO:
GREMIO:
GREMIO:
GREMIO:
GREMIO:
GREMIO:
GREGORY:
GREGORY:
GREGORY:
GREGORY:
GREGORY:
GREGORY:
GREGORY:
GREGORY:
GREGORY:
GREGORY:
GREGORY:
GREGORY:
GREGORY:
GREGORY:
GREGORY:
GREEN:
GREEN:
GREEN:
GREEN:
GREEN:
GREEN:
GREEN:
GREEN:
GREEN:
GREEN:
GONZALO:
GONZALO:
GONZALO:
GONZALO:
GONZALO:
GONZALO:
GONZALO:
GONZALO:
GONZALO:
GONZALO:
GONZALO:
GONZALO:
GONZALO:
GONZALO:
GONZALO:
GONZALO:
GONZALO:
GONZALO:
GONZALO:
GONZALO:
GONZALO:
GONZALO:
GONZALO:
GONZALO:
GONZALO:
GONZALO:
GONZALO:
GONZALO:
GONZALO:
GONZALO:
GONZALO:
GONZALO:
GONZALO:
GONZALO:
GONZALO:
GONZALO:
GONZALO:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GLOUCESTER:
GEORGE:
GEORGE:
GEORGE:
GEORGE:
GEORGE:
GEORGE:
GENTLEMEN:
GARDENER:
Further than seen and one infect another
Further I say and further will maintain
Fully unfold. Thyself and thy belongings
Full well hath Clifford play'd the orator,
Full soon the canker death eats up that plant.
Full of wise care is this your counsel, madam.
Full of rose-water and bestrew'd with flowers,
Full half an hour.
Full fathom five thy father lies;
Frozen almost to death, how he did lap me
Froth, I would not have you acquainted with
From your own mouth, my lord, did I this deed.
From your kind aunt, Duchess of Burgundy,
From your good queen.
From worthy Edward, King of Albion,
From whom we thought it meet to hide our love
From which we would not have you warp. Call hither,
From which even here I slip my weary neck,
From which awaked, the truth of what we are
From where you do remain let paper show.
From where he should begin and end, but will
From whence?
From whence this present day he is deliver'd?
From whence that tender spray did sweetly spring,
From whence shall Warwick cut the sea to France,
From when this stream through muddy passages
From what a torment I did free thee?
From wayward sickness, and no grounded malice.
From twelve to seventy, and pouring war
From too much liberty, my Lucio, liberty:
From thy admiring daughter took the spirits,
From those you sent to the oracle are come
From those that wish the downfall of our house!
From this world-wearied flesh. Eyes, look your last!
From this world's thraldom to the joys of heaven.
From thine own sister's shame? What should I think?
From these our Henry lineally descends.
From these old arms and legs, by the good gods,
From their abominable and beastly touches
From thee, even from thy virtue!
From the still-vex'd Bermoothes, there she's hid:
From the noise of our own drums.'
From the most gracious regent of this land,
From the dead temples of this bloody wretch
From the dead blow of it. And you, enchantment.--
From the corruption of abusing times,
From the casque to the cushion, but commanding peace
From that contented hap which I enjoy'd,
From sun to sun: there is my honour's pawn;
From such a filthy vice: say to thyself,
From such a cause as fills mine eyes with tears
From some forefather grief; mine is not so,
From slaves that apes would beat! Pluto and hell!
From shelves and rocks that threaten us with wreck.
From rascals worse than they.
From plume-pluck'd Richard; who with willing soul
From out the fiery portal of the east,
From our free person she should be confined,
From our faults, as faults from seeming, free!
From off the rock Tarpeian never more
From off the gates of York fetch down the head,
From off the battlements of yonder tower;
From off my hands, here in the view of men
From my succession wipe me, father; I
From my own windows torn my household coat,
From my Redeemer to redeem me hence;
From mine own library with volumes that
From me, the lord on't.
From me receive that natural competency
From me do back receive the flour of all,
From love's weak childish bow she lives unharm'd.
From his true-meant design. Upon his place,
From him that has most cause to grieve it should be,
From giving reins and spurs to my free speech;
From giving aid which late I promised.
From forth thy reach he would have laid thy shame,
From forth the ranks of many thousand French,
From forth the kennel of thy womb hath crept
From forth day's path and Titan's fiery wheels:
From flowery tenderness? If I must die,
From fasting maids whose minds are dedicate
From every meaner man.
From east, west, north and south: be it concluded,
From course required; or else thou must be counted
From cold and empty veins, where no blood dwells;
From all the slaughters, wretch, that thou hast done!
From all the impure blots and stains thereof;
From all such devils, good Lord deliver us!
From all dishonesty he can: in this,
From Tamworth thither is but one day's march.
From Scotland am I stol'n, even of pure love,
From Rome.
From Rome all season'd office and to wind
From Richard's night to Bolingbroke's fair day.
From Ravenspurgh to Cotswold will be found
From Ravenspurgh haven before the gates of York,
From London by the king was I press'd forth;
From France?
From Florence and must here deliver them.
From Dis's waggon! daffodils,
From Clifford's and Northumberland's pursuit:
Frighting her pale-faced villages with war
Friend,
Fridays. He's not past it yet, and I say to thee,
Friar, thou knowest not the duke so well as I do:
Friar, not I I have been drinking hard all night,
Friar Lodowick to be a dishonest person?
Freshly on me: 'tis surely for a name.
Frenchwoman.
Freed and enfranchised, not a party to
Free speech and fearless I to thee allow.
Frederick the great soldier who miscarried at sea?
Framed in the prodigality of nature,
Fourth Messenger:
Fourth Citizen:
Fourth Citizen:
Fourth Citizen:
Four or five women once that tended me?
Four lagging winters and four wanton springs
Found truth in all but one: I, in twelve thousand, none.
Found that the issue was not his begot;
Found out the remedy. How would you be,
Fouler than heart can think thee, thou canst make
Foul wrinkled witch, what makest thou in my sight?
Foul weather?
Foul shame upon you! you have all moved mine.
Foul devil, for God's sake, hence, and trouble us not;
Forward, I pray, since we have come so far,
Fortune speed us!
Fortune and victory sit on thy helm!
Fortunate mistress,--let my prophecy
Forthwith we'll send him hence to Brittany,
Forthwith that Edward be pronounced a traitor,
Forthwith from Ludlow the young prince be fetch'd
Forthlight the tilter, and brave Master Shooty the
Forswear themselves as often as they speak:
Forswear Bianca and her love for ever.
Forspent with toil, as runners with a race,
Forslow no longer, make we hence amain.
Forsake the court: to do't, or no, is certain
Forgot you! no, sir: I could not forget you, for I
Forgiveness, horse! why do I rail on thee,
Forgive my tyranny; but do not say
Forgive me, cousin! Ah, dear Juliet,
Forgive him, Angelo, that brought you home
Forgetting any other home but this.
Forget, forgive; conclude and be agreed;
Forget to pity him, lest thy pity prove
Forewarn him that he use no scurrilous words in 's tunes.
Forerunning more requital.
Forced to retire by fury of the wind:
Forced by the tide to combat with the wind;
Force me to keep you as a prisoner,
Force her hence.
Forbids to dwell upon: yet remember this,
Forbiddenly.
Forbidden bandying in Verona streets:
Forbid the sea for to obey the moon
Forbear your conference with the noble duke.
Forbear to sleep the nights, and fast the days;
Forbear it therefore; give your cause to heaven.
Forbear awhile; we'll hear a little more.
For, were he, he had shown it in his looks.
For, well you know, this is a pitiful case.
For, well I wot, thou hast thy mother's tongue.
For, to yourself, what you do know, you must.
For, till I see them here, by doubtful fear
For, though before his face I speak the words
For, lords, to-morrow is a busy day.
For, look you, I may make the belly smile
For, like an ass whose back with ingots bows,
For, knowing thee to be but young and light--
For, hark you, Tybalt being slain so late,
For, ere the six years that he hath to spend
For, by your leaves, you shall not stay alone
For, by this light, whereby I see thy beauty,
For, by the way, I'll sort occasion,
For, by the honour of my parents, I
For, by my soul, I'll ne'er acknowledge thee,
For, being transported by my jealousies
For, as the case now stands, it is a curse
For, I am sure, you have your hands full all,
For's private friends: his answer to me was,
For your physicians have expressly charged,
For your broken shin.
For your best health and recreation.
For young hot colts being raged do rage the more.
For you, the city, thus I turn my back:
For you, my noble Lord of Lancaster,
For you shall hop without my custom, sir:
For you must know, we have with special soul
For you have but mistook me all this while:
For you and I are past our dancing days:
For yet is hope of life and victory.
For yet his honour never heard a play--
For yesternight by Catesby was it brought me;
For with a band of thirty thousand men
For wise men say it is the wisest course.
For why, the senseless brands will sympathize
For whose dear sake thou wast but lately dead;
For whom, and not for Tybalt, Juliet pined.
For who lived king, but I could dig his grave?
For who is living, if those two are gone?
For which your honour and your faith is pawn'd;
For which you are a traitor to the people.
For which the people stir: if you will pass
For which the heavens, taking angry note,
For which my sinews shall be stretch'd upon him.
For which I would not plead, but that I must;
For which I must not plead, but that I am
For which I do discharge you of your office:
For when I was a king, my flatterers
For what?
For what, lieutenant? for well using me?
For what, I pray thee?
For what thou hast not, still thou strivest to get,
For what reason, I beseech you?
For what offence?
For what is in this world but grief and woe?
For what is he they follow?  truly, gentlemen,
For what he did before Corioli, call him,
For what hath broach'd this tumult but thy pride?
For what doth cherish weeds but gentle air?
For what before it was.
For what I have I need not to repeat;
For what I bid them do: for we bid this be done,
For well we know, no hand of blood and bone
For well I wot ye blaze to burn them out
For well I wot that Henry is no soldier.
For we will make for Ireland presently.
For we were subjects but while you were king.
For we to-morrow hold divided councils,
For we have nothing else to ask, but that
For we are soft as our complexions are,
For we are peremptory to dispatch
For visiting your highness: my best train
For violent fires soon burn out themselves;
For vainer hours and tutors not so careful.
For truth, for duty, and for loyalty.
For truth to o'er-peer. Rather than fool it so,
For trust not him that hath once broken faith,--
For to supply the places at the table,
For to a vision so apparent rumour
For time hath set a blot upon my pride.
For thy great bounty, that not only givest
For thy conceit is soaking, will draw in
For thy complexion shifts to strange effects,
For through this laund anon the deer will come;
For though you lay here in this goodly chamber,
For though usurpers sway the rule awhile,
For though they cannot greatly sting to hurt,
For though mine enemy thou hast ever been,
For though it have holp madmen to their wits,
For though fond nature bids us an lament,
For though abundantly they lack discretion,
For thou wilt lie upon the wings of night
For thou shalt know this strong right hand of mine
For thou set'st on thy wife.
For thou must now know farther.
For thou hast made the happy earth thy hell,
For thou exist'st on many a thousand grains
For thou dost fear the soft and tender fork
For thou art fortunate in all thy deeds.
For thou are pleasant, gamesome, passing courteous,
For those defects I have before rehearsed,
For this, consorted with the citizens,
For this, being smelt, with that part cheers each part;
For this, be sure, to-night thou shalt have cramps,
For this world frowns, and Edward's sun is clouded.
For this will out, and here I must not stay.
For this was of much length,--the vile conclusion
For this time, all the rest depart away:
For this reason, if you'll know,
For this poor furniture and mean array.
For this one speech Lord Hastings well deserves
For this night's watching.
For this new-married man approaching here,
For this is thine and not King Henry's heirs'
For this is he that moves both wind and tide.
For this design. What course I mean to hold
For this amongst the rest, was I ordain'd.
For this alliance may so happy prove,
For this affliction has a taste as sweet
For thine own bowels, which do call thee sire,
For they that were your enemies are his,
For they have pardons, being ask'd, as free
For they do prank them in authority,
For they breathe truth that breathe their words in pain.
For they account his head upon the bridge.
For these known evils, but to give me leave,
For there, they say, he daily doth frequent,
For there it is, crack'd in a hundred shivers.
For then, I hope, thou wilt not keep him long,
For then thou canst not pass to Mantua;
For then this land was famously enrich'd
For then she never looks upon her lure.
For then she could stand alone; nay, by the rood,
For then I'll marry Warwick's youngest daughter.
For then I pity those I do not know,
For them! I cannot do it to the gods;
For them to play at will. How came the posterns
For their own good and ours.
For their advantage and your highness' loss.
For thee to murder: for my daughters, Richard,
For the whole state, I would put mine armour on,
For the red blood reigns in the winter's pale.
For the mutable, rank-scented many, let them
For the most gentle Claudio.
For the instalment of this noble duke
For the inheritance of their loves and safeguard
For the in which doth control't.
For the flowers now, that frighted thou let'st fall
For the deposing of a rightful king.
For the benefit of silence, would thou wert so too!
For that, being one o' the lowest, basest, poorest,
For that's the utmost of his pilgrimage.
For that which, if myself might be his judge,
For that which thou hast heard me speak to-night
For that our kingdom's earth should not be soil'd
For that my sovereign liege was in my debt
For that it made my imprisonment a pleasure;
For that her reputation was disvalued
For that he knew you, might reproach your life
For that he has,
For that I was his father Edward's son;
For that 'Forgive our Romans.' O, a kiss
For testimony whereof, one in the prison,
For terror, not to use, in time the rod
For tender princes, use my babies well!
For taking so the head, your whole head's length.
For sweet discourses in our time to come.
For suffering so the causes of our wreck.
For such an injury would vex a very saint,
For such a wish! he was not born to shame:
For such a warped slip of wilderness
For such a one as leaves a gentleman,
For strokes received, and many blows repaid,
For stony limits cannot hold love out,
For still thy eyes, which I may call the sea,
For still 'tis beating in my mind, your reason
For standing by when Richard stabb'd her son.
For sorrow's eye, glazed with blinding tears,
For sorrow ends not when it seemeth done.
For so your father charged me at our parting,
For so your doctors hold it very meet,
For so he said he would: I hear him near.
For so I see she must be, 'fore Leontes:
For so I have strew'd it in the common ear,
For sleeping England long time have I watch'd;
For sinking under them.
For she's not froward, but modest as the dove;
For she's a woman to be pitied much:
For she is sweeter than perfume itself
For she is good, hath brought you forth a daughter;
For she is changed, as she had never been.
For she did print your royal father off,
For shame, thou helding of a devilish spirit,
For shame, my liege, make them your precedent!
For shame, come down: he made thee Duke of York.
For shame, bring Juliet forth; her lord is come.
For shame! leave Henry, and call Edward king.
For selfsame wind that I should speak withal
For saints have hands that pilgrims' hands do touch,
For raising this sea-storm?
For raging wind blows up incessant showers,
For queen, a very caitiff crown'd with care;
For private quarrel 'twixt your duke and him,
For present comfort and for future good,
For patience she will prove a second Grissel,
For our first merriment hath made thee jealous.
For our case is as theirs.
For our affairs in hand: if that come short,
For our access, whose hap shall be to have her
For one to thrust his hand between his teeth,
For one that scorn'd at me, now scorn'd of me;
For one poor grain or two, to leave unburnt,
For one poor grain or two!
For one commanding all, obey'd of none.
For one being sued to, one that humbly sues;
For one being fear'd of all, now fearing one;
For once allow'd the skilful pilot's charge?
For on thy fortune I repose myself.
For on that ground I'll build a holy descant:
For on my heart they tread now whilst I live;
For of joy, being altogether wanting,
For now, these hot days, is the mad blood stirring.
For now we sit to chat as well as eat.
For now we owe allegiance unto Henry.
For now they kill me with a living death.
For now the devil, that told me I did well,
For now he lives in fame, though not in life.
For now hath time made me his numbering clock:
For nought so vile that on the earth doth live
For nothing had begot my something grief;
For nothing can be ill, if she be well.
For nothing but his majesty's approach.
For no thought is contented. The better sort,
For no less spoil than glory,--
For night-owls shriek where mounting larks
For never yet one hour in his bed
For never was a story of more woe
For never henceforth shall I joy again,
For my wounds' sake, to give their suffrage: please you
For my prosperity!
For my poor brother's head.
For my part, I'll resign unto your grace
For my part, I'll not trouble thee with words.
For my lads to give their dears:
For my authority bears of a credent bulk,
For most it caught me, the celestial habits,
For more amazement. If you can behold it,
For mocking marriage with a dame of France.
For mischiefs manifold and sorceries terrible
For mine own part,
For mercy to his country. Therefore, let's hence,
For men so old as we to keep the peace.
For me, the ransom of my bold attempt
For me, that I may surely keep mine oath,
For me, if I be gored with Mowbray's spear:
For me, I'll not be gone till I please myself:
For me to try how: all I know of it
For me to joy and weep their gain and loss:
For me as for you?
For matching more for wanton lust than honour,
For many men that stumble at the threshold
For many lives stand between me and home:
For man or master; then it follows thus;
For making up this peace!' Thou know'st, great son,
For making me, so young, so old a widow!
For love of Edward's offspring in my womb:
For learning me your language!
For kissing, lady, not for such contempt.
For joyful mother, one that wails the name;
For it was bad enough before their spite.
For it requires the royal debt it lent you.
For it is done, my lord.
For it excels your first: or if it did not,
For it engenders choler, planteth anger;
For insurrection's arguing.
For inequality; but let your reason serve
For in thy shoulder do I build my seat,
For in this sin he is as deep as I.
For in the marches here we heard you were,
For in an act of this importance 'twere
For in a quarrel since I came ashore
For in a minute there are many days:
For in Baptista's keep my treasure is:
For hunting was his daily exercise.
For how can tyrants safely govern home,
For how can I help them, and not myself?
For how I firmly am resolved you know;
For hither will our friends repair to us.
For hither we have broken in by force.
For his designs crave haste, his haste good hope:
For his advantage that I dearly love.
For him, poor soul. The proudest of you all
For him, I partly know his mind--to find thee
For him thou labour'st by thy flight to shun
For here, I hope, begins our lasting joy.
For here we need it not.
For here lies Juliet, and her beauty makes
For her, my lord,
For her poor brother's pardon.
For he was fitter for that place than earth.
For he that interrupts him shall not live.
For he is nothing but a mighty lord.
For he is just and always loved us well.
For he hath still been tried a holy man.
For he fears none.
For hateful deeds committed by myself!
For has not the divine Apollo said,
For hardy and undoubted champions;
For happy wife, a most distressed widow;
For hand to hand he would have vanquish'd thee.
For half a hundred years. Summon the town.
For had I cursed now, I had cursed myself.
For gnarling sorrow hath less power to bite
For girls of nine, O, think what they have done
For gay apparel 'gainst the triumph day.
For from my heart thine image ne'er shall go;
For first he was contract to Lady Lucy--
For few men rightly temper with the stars:
For fear, I promise you, if I look pale.
For fear of that, I still will stay with thee;
For false forswearing and for murder too:
For fair without the fair within to hide:
For exile hath more terror in his look,
For every pelting, petty officer
For every man that Bolingbroke hath press'd
For every inch of woman in the world,
For every cloud engenders not a storm.
For ever will I walk upon my knees,
For ever may my knees grow to the earth,
For ever
For even the day before, she broke her brow:
For ending thee no sooner. Thou hast nor youth nor age,
For emulation now, who shall be nearest,
For doubtless Burgundy will yield him help,
For doting, not for loving, pupil mine.
For doing worthy vengeance on thyself,
For do we must what force will have us do.
For divers unknown reasons. I beseech you,
For did I but suspect a fearful man
For death, for fine, or banishment, then let them
For dainties are all Kates, and therefore, Kate,
For curious I cannot be with you,
For corn at their own rates; whereof, they say,
For common justice, you're as pregnant in
For choosing me when Clarence is in place.
For chair and dukedom, throne and kingdom say;
For certain words he spake against your grace
For certain drops of salt, your city Rome,
For by that loss I will not purchase them.
For by my scouts I was advertised
For by his face straight shall you know his heart.
For both our sakes, I would that word were true.
For both of you are birds of selfsame feather.
For both hast thou, and both become the grave.
For blood of ours, shed blood of Montague.
For better times to come. Friar, advise him;
For being more stone than it? O royal piece,
For being a little bad: so may my husband.
For being a bawd, for being a bawd.
For beauty starved with her severity
For bearing arms, for stirring up my subjects,
For aught I know, my lord, they do.
For at their hands I have deserved no pity.
For ancient quarrels, and quite lost their hearts.
For all the rest is held at such a rate
For all the accommodations that thou bear'st
For all the Welshmen, hearing thou wert dead.
For all in vain comes counsel to his ear.
For a worthy lady
For a short holding: if we lose the field,
For a reply, at least if you make a care
For a quart of ale is a dish for a king.
For York in justice puts his armour on.
For Warwick was a bug that fear'd us all.
For Warwick is a subtle orator,
For Warwick bids you all farewell to meet in heaven.
For Warwick and his friends, God and Saint George!
For Venus smiles not in a house of tears.
For Somerset, off with his guilty head.
For Rome, towards Marcius.
For Richard, in the view of many lords,
For Mowbray and myself are like two men
For Mariana's sake: but as he adjudged your brother,--
For Margaret my queen, and Clifford too,
For King of England shalt thou be proclaim'd
For Juliet's sake, for her sake, rise and stand;
For Jesu Christ in glorious Christian field,
For I, too fond, might have prevented this.
For I would commune with you of such things
For I will raise her statue in pure gold;
For I will love thee ne'er the less, my girl.
For I will kiss her.
For I will henceforth be no more unconstant.
For I will hence to Warwick's other daughter;
For I will buz abroad such prophecies
For I will board her, though she chide as loud
For I shall never speak to thee again.
For I repent me that the duke is slain.
For I ne'er saw true beauty till this night.
For I myself will hunt this wolf to death.
For I myself have many tears to wash
For I myself am not so well provided
For I must hence; and farewell to you all.
For I intend but only to surprise him.
For I have often heard my mother say
For I have none: let no man speak again
For I have need of many orisons
For I have murdered where I should not kill.
For I have more to commune with Bianca.
For I have heard that she was there in place.
For I have heard it said
For I have had such faults; but rather tell me,
For I have given here my soul's consent
For I have ever verified my friends,
For I have bought it with an hundred blows.
For I have bills for money by exchange
For I had then laid wormwood to my dug,
For I do fear eyes over--to shipboard
For I dare so far free him--made him fear'd,
For I come hither arm'd against myself:
For I can here disarm thee with this stick
For I am she, and altogether joyless.
For I am rough and woo not like a babe.
For I am proverb'd with a grandsire phrase;
For I am loath to break our country's laws.
For I am he am born to tame you Kate,
For I am all the subjects that you have,
For God's sake, take away this captive scold.
For God's sake, lords, give signal to the fight.
For God's sake, let us sit upon the ground
For God's sake, let not us two be behind;
For God's sake, fairly let her be entreated:
For God's sake, a pot of small ale.
For God he knows, and you may partly see,
For Gloucester's dukedom is too ominous.
For Edward, for my brother, for his sake: Why, sirs,
For Edward's sake; and see how he requites me!
For Edward will defend the town and thee,
For Edward my son, which was Prince of Wales,
For Clarence is well-spoken, and perhaps
For Christian service and true chivalry,
For Angelo,
For 'twere no charity; yet, to wash your blood
For 'twas your heaven she should be advanced:
For 'tis thy presence that exhales this blood
For 'tis the mind that makes the body rich;
For 'tis most dangerous.
For 'tis a throne where honour may be crown'd
For 'tis a sore upon us,
For 'tis a sign of love; and love to Richard
Foot it featly here and there;
Fool-hardiness; not I.
Fool, of thyself speak well: fool, do not flatter.
Fool, fool! thou whet'st a knife to kill thyself.
Following the fliers at the very heels,
Follow your function, go, and batten on cold bits.
Follow us to the court. Thou churl, for this time,
Follow thine enemy in a fiery gulf
Follow me.
Follow me close, for I will speak to them.
Foes to my rest and my sweet sleep's disturbers
Fly, father, fly! for all your friends are fled,
Fly to the duke:
Fly hence, and leave me: think upon these gone;
Flutter'd your Volscians in Corioli:
Flower of warriors,
Flower as she was, deflowered by him.
Flow'd with her beauty once: 'tis shrewdly ebb'd,
Flock to their aid, and still their power increaseth.
Flies may do this, but I from this must fly:
Fled from his father, from his hopes, and with
Flattering me with impossibilities.
Flatter my sorrows with report of it;
Five tribunes to defend their vulgar wisdoms,
Five times in that ere once in our five wits.
Five men to twenty! though the odds be great,
Five justices' hands at it, and witnesses more than
Five have I slain to-day instead of him.
Fitzwater, thou art damn'd to hell for this.
Fit to instruct her youth. If you, Hortensio,
Fit thy consent to my sharp appetite;
Fit for her turn, well read in poetry
First, you know Caius Marcius is chief enemy to the people.
First, to thy sacred state wish I all happiness.
First, to do greetings to thy royal person;
First, the gods bless you for your tidings; next,
First, the fair reverence of your highness curbs me
First, tell me, have you ever been at Pisa?
First, provost, let me bail these gentle three.
First, mighty sovereign, let me know your mind,
First, madam, I entreat true peace of you,
First, let her show her face, and after speak.
First, know, my horse is tired; my master and
First, heaven be the record to my speech!
First, hear me speak.
First, he commends him to your noble lordship.
First, as you know, my house within the city
First, an it like you, the house is a respected
First will I see the coronation;
First were we sad, fearing you would not come;
First kiss me, Kate, and we will.
First if all obstacles were cut away,
First hand me: on mine own accord I'll off;
First Watchman:
First Watchman:
First Watchman:
First Watchman:
First Watchman:
First Watchman:
First Watchman:
First Watchman:
First Watchman:
First Watchman:
First Watchman:
First Soldier:
First Soldier:
First Soldier:
First Soldier:
First Soldier:
First Soldier:
First Soldier:
First Soldier:
First Servingman:
First Servingman:
First Servingman:
First Servingman:
First Servingman:
First Servingman:
First Servingman:
First Servingman:
First Servingman:
First Servingman:
First Servingman:
First Servingman:
First Servingman:
First Servingman:
First Servingman:
First Servingman:
First Servingman:
First Servingman:
First Servingman:
First Servant:
First Servant:
First Servant:
First Servant:
First Servant:
First Servant:
First Servant:
First Servant:
First Servant:
First Servant:
First Servant:
First Servant:
First Senator:
First Senator:
First Senator:
First Senator:
First Senator:
First Senator:
First Senator:
First Senator:
First Senator:
First Senator:
First Senator:
First Senator:
First Senator:
First Senator:
First Senator:
First Senator:
First Senator:
First Senator:
First Senator:
First Senator:
First Senator:
First Senator:
First Senator:
First Senator:
First Senator:
First Senator:
First Senator:
First Senator:
First Senator:
First Senator:
First Senator:
First Senator:
First Senator:
First Roman:
First Officer:
First Officer:
First Officer:
First Officer:
First Musician:
First Musician:
First Musician:
First Musician:
First Musician:
First Musician:
First Musician:
First Musician:
First Musician:
First Murderer:
First Murderer:
First Murderer:
First Murderer:
First Murderer:
First Murderer:
First Murderer:
First Murderer:
First Murderer:
First Murderer:
First Murderer:
First Murderer:
First Murderer:
First Murderer:
First Murderer:
First Murderer:
First Murderer:
First Murderer:
First Murderer:
First Murderer:
First Murderer:
First Murderer:
First Murderer:
First Murderer:
First Murderer:
First Murderer:
First Murderer:
First Murderer:
First Murderer:
First Murderer:
First Murderer:
First Murderer:
First Murderer:
First Messenger:
First Lord:
First Lord:
First Lord:
First Lord:
First Lord:
First Lord:
First Lord:
First Lord:
First Lord:
First Lord:
First Lord:
First Lord:
First Lord:
First Lord:
First Lord:
First Lord:
First Lord:
First Lord:
First Lady:
First Lady:
First Lady:
First Lady:
First Keeper:
First Keeper:
First Keeper:
First Keeper:
First Keeper:
First Keeper:
First Keeper:
First Huntsman:
First Huntsman:
First Huntsman:
First Huntsman:
First Herald:
First Gentleman:
First Gentleman:
First Gentleman:
First Gentleman:
First Gentleman:
First Gentleman:
First Gentleman:
First Gentleman:
First Gentleman:
First Gentleman:
First Gentleman:
First Gentleman:
First Gentleman:
First Gentleman:
First Gentleman:
First Gentleman:
First Gentleman:
First Gentleman:
First Conspirator:
First Conspirator:
First Conspirator:
First Citizen:
First Citizen:
First Citizen:
First Citizen:
First Citizen:
First Citizen:
First Citizen:
First Citizen:
First Citizen:
First Citizen:
First Citizen:
First Citizen:
First Citizen:
First Citizen:
First Citizen:
First Citizen:
First Citizen:
First Citizen:
First Citizen:
First Citizen:
First Citizen:
First Citizen:
First Citizen:
First Citizen:
First Citizen:
First Citizen:
First Citizen:
First Citizen:
First Citizen:
First Citizen:
First Citizen:
First Citizen:
First Citizen:
First Citizen:
First Citizen:
First Citizen:
First Citizen:
First Citizen:
First Citizen:
First Citizen:
First Citizen:
First Citizen:
First Citizen:
Fine linen, Turkey cushions boss'd with pearl,
Fine apparition! My quaint Ariel,
Finds brotherhood in thee no sharper spur?
Finding yourself desired of such a person,
Find written in the margent of his eyes.
Find thou the means, and I'll find such a man.
Find them out whose names are written here! It is
Find shapes of grief, more than himself, to wail;
Find in myself no pity to myself?
Filth as thou art, with human care, and lodged thee
Fillip the stars; then let the mutinous winds
Filling the air with swords advanced and darts,
Fill'd it with cursing cries and deep exclaims.
Fill me a bowl of wine. Give me a watch.
Fill all thy bones with aches, make thee roar
Fights dragon-like, and does achieve as soon
Fifth Citizen:
Fiend, thou torment'st me ere I come to hell!
Fie, you confine yourself most unreasonably: come,
Fie, what an indirect and peevish course
Fie, what a spendthrift is he of his tongue!
Fie, what a slug is Hastings, that he comes not
Fie, sirrah! a bawd, a wicked bawd!
Fie, how my bones ache! what a jaunt have I had!
Fie, fie, thou shamest thy shape, thy love, thy wit;
Fie, fie, fie!
Fie, fie, fie!
Fie, fie! what, are you mad?
Fie, fie! unknit that threatening unkind brow,
Fie, fie! no thought of him:
Fie, fie on all tired jades, on all mad masters, and
Fie, doff this habit, shame to your estate,
Fie, daughter! when my old wife lived, upon
Fie! what a foolish duty call you this?
Fie on her! see, how beastly she doth court him!
Fiddler, forbear; you grow too forward, sir:
Few words suffice; and therefore, if thou know
Fetch us in fuel; and be quick, thou'rt best,
Fetch me my rapier, boy. What dares the slave
Fetch in our wood and serves in offices
Fetch hither Richard, that in common view
Fetch from false Mowbray their first head and spring.
Fertile the isle, the temple much surpassing
Fellows in arms, and my most loving friends,
Fellow, why dost thou show me thus to the world?
Fellow, give place; here is no longer stay.
Fellow Grumio!
Fell sorrow's tooth doth never rankle more
Fell gently down, as if they struck their friends.
Fell Warwick's brother and by that our foe.
Feeling so the loss,
Feed not thy sovereign's foe, my gentle earth,
Feather of lead, bright smoke, cold fire,
Feast with the best, and welcome to my house:
Fear, and not love, begets his penitence:
Fear'd by their breed and famous by their birth,
Fear you the boar, and go so unprovided?
Fear you not him. Sirrah Biondello,
Fear you his tyrannous passion more, alas,
Fear not, sweet wench, they shall not touch
Fear not, my lord: we can contain ourselves,
Fear not, my lord: that Power that made you king
Fear not, my lord, we will not stand to prate;
Fear not, my lord, I'll play the orator
Fear not, Baptista; we will content you, go to: but
Fear not thou, man, thou shalt lose nothing here.
Fear not that, my lord.
Fear not our care, sir.
Fear none of this: I think you know my fortunes
Fear me not.
Fear me not.
Fear and be slain; no worse can come to fight:
Favours that keep within. Come, Escalus,
Faults proper to himself: if he had so offended,
Father:
Father:
Father:
Father:
Father, you cannot disinherit me:
Father, what news? what is the prince's doom?
Father, tear the crown from the usurper's head.
Father, be quiet; he shall stay my leisure.
Father, and wife, and gentlemen, adieu;
Father, 'tis thus: yourself and all the world,
Father of Warwick, know you what this means?
Fated to the purpose did Antonio open
Fatal and ominous to noble peers!
Faster than thought or time.
Fasten'd and fix'd the shame on't in himself,
Fast foe to the plebeii, your voices might
Farewell; commend me to thy mistress.
Farewell; be trusty, and I'll quit thy pains:
Farewell: thou canst not teach me to forget.
Farewell: the leisure and the fearful time
Farewell: our countrymen are gone and fled,
Farewell: if heart's presages be not vain,
Farewell: buy food, and get thyself in flesh.
Farewell.
Farewell.
Farewell.
Farewell, thou woful welcomer of glory!
Farewell, sweet masters both; I must be gone.
Farewell, sweet lords: let's meet at Coventry.
Farewell, our brother.
Farewell, old Gaunt: thy sometimes brother's wife
Farewell, my sovereign.
Farewell, my lord: securely I espy
Farewell, my lord. Light to my chamber, ho!
Farewell, my liege. Now no way can I stray;
Farewell, my gracious lord; I'll to my castle.
Farewell, my coz.
Farewell, my blood; which if to-day thou shed,
Farewell, my Hector, and my Troy's true hope.
Farewell, kind neighbours: we wish'd Coriolanus
Farewell, good friar: I prithee, pray for me. The
Farewell, good cousin; farewell, gentle friends.
Farewell, good Pompey. Commend me to the prison,
Farewell, farewell.
Farewell, farewell! one kiss, and I'll descend.
Farewell, faint-hearted and degenerate king,
Farewell, dear father!
Farewell, ancient lady; farewell,
Farewell, York's wife, and queen of sad mischance:
Farewell! God knows when we shall meet again.
Farewell!
Farewell till soon.
Farewell at once, for once, for all, and ever.
Fare you well.
Fare ye well:
Far than Deucalion off: mark thou my words:
Far be the thought of this from Henry's heart,
Far be it from my heart, the thought of it!
Fancies too weak for boys, too green and idle
Fan you into despair! Have the power still
Famous Plantagenet, most gracious prince,
Familiarly shall call thy Dorset brother;
Fame, at the which he aims,
Falsely to take away a life true made
Falsely to draw me in these vile suspects.
False-boding woman, end thy frantic curse,
False to my nature? Rather say I play
False to his children or his wife's allies
False accusation blush and tyranny
Falls into forfeit: he arrests him on it;
Fall to them as you find your stomach serves you;
Fall to the base earth from the firmament.
Fall like amazing thunder on the casque
Fall deep in love with thee; and her great charms
Faith, we may put up our pipes, and be gone.
Faith, we hear fearful news.
Faith, there had been many great men that have
Faith, sirrah, an you'll not knock, I'll ring it;
Faith, sir, if you had told as many lies in his
Faith, sir, few of any wit in such matters: as they
Faith, nothing; but has left me here behind, to
Faith, none, but Humphrey Hour, that call'd
Faith, none for me; except the north-east wind,
Faith, mistress, then I have no cause to stay.
Faith, look you, one cannot tell how to say that:
Faith, here it is.
Faith, he is gone unto the taming-school.
Faith, gentlemen, now I play a merchant's part,
Faith, as you say, there's small choice in rotten
Faith, as cold as can be.
Faith, I know not what to say.
Faith, I can tell her age unto an hour.
Fairly offer'd.
Fairer than tongue can name thee, let me have
Fair sir, and you my merry mistress,
Fair lovely maid, once more good day to thee.
Fair lords, take leave and stand not to reply.
Fair cousin, you debase your princely knee
Fair Queen of England, worthy Margaret,
Fair Leda's daughter had a thousand wooers;
Fain would I dwell on form, fain, fain deny
Face not me: thou hast braved many men; brave not
FROTH:
FROTH:
FROTH:
FROTH:
FROTH:
FROTH:
FROTH:
FROTH:
FRIAR THOMAS:
FRIAR THOMAS:
FRIAR THOMAS:
FRIAR PETER:
FRIAR PETER:
FRIAR PETER:
FRIAR PETER:
FRIAR PETER:
FRIAR PETER:
FRIAR PETER:
FRIAR LAURENCE:
FRIAR LAURENCE:
FRIAR LAURENCE:
FRIAR LAURENCE:
FRIAR LAURENCE:
FRIAR LAURENCE:
FRIAR LAURENCE:
FRIAR LAURENCE:
FRIAR LAURENCE:
FRIAR LAURENCE:
FRIAR LAURENCE:
FRIAR LAURENCE:
FRIAR LAURENCE:
FRIAR LAURENCE:
FRIAR LAURENCE:
FRIAR LAURENCE:
FRIAR LAURENCE:
FRIAR LAURENCE:
FRIAR LAURENCE:
FRIAR LAURENCE:
FRIAR LAURENCE:
FRIAR LAURENCE:
FRIAR LAURENCE:
FRIAR LAURENCE:
FRIAR LAURENCE:
FRIAR LAURENCE:
FRIAR LAURENCE:
FRIAR LAURENCE:
FRIAR LAURENCE:
FRIAR LAURENCE:
FRIAR LAURENCE:
FRIAR LAURENCE:
FRIAR LAURENCE:
FRIAR LAURENCE:
FRIAR LAURENCE:
FRIAR LAURENCE:
FRIAR LAURENCE:
FRIAR LAURENCE:
FRIAR LAURENCE:
FRIAR LAURENCE:
FRIAR LAURENCE:
FRIAR LAURENCE:
FRIAR LAURENCE:
FRIAR LAURENCE:
FRIAR LAURENCE:
FRIAR LAURENCE:
FRIAR LAURENCE:
FRIAR LAURENCE:
FRIAR LAURENCE:
FRIAR LAURENCE:
FRIAR LAURENCE:
FRIAR LAURENCE:
FRIAR LAURENCE:
FRIAR LAURENCE:
FRIAR LAURENCE:
FRIAR JOHN:
FRIAR JOHN:
FRIAR JOHN:
FRIAR JOHN:
FRANCISCO:
FRANCISCA:
FRANCISCA:
FLORIZEL:
FLORIZEL:
FLORIZEL:
FLORIZEL:
FLORIZEL:
FLORIZEL:
FLORIZEL:
FLORIZEL:
FLORIZEL:
FLORIZEL:
FLORIZEL:
FLORIZEL:
FLORIZEL:
FLORIZEL:
FLORIZEL:
FLORIZEL:
FLORIZEL:
FLORIZEL:
FLORIZEL:
FLORIZEL:
FLORIZEL:
FLORIZEL:
FLORIZEL:
FLORIZEL:
FLORIZEL:
FLORIZEL:
FLORIZEL:
FLORIZEL:
FLORIZEL:
FLORIZEL:
FLORIZEL:
FLORIZEL:
FLORIZEL:
FLORIZEL:
FLORIZEL:
FLORIZEL:
FLORIZEL:
FLORIZEL:
FLORIZEL:
FLORIZEL:
FLORIZEL:
FLORIZEL:
FLORIZEL:
FLORIZEL:
FLORIZEL:
FERDINAND:
FERDINAND:
FERDINAND:
FERDINAND:
FERDINAND:
FERDINAND:
FERDINAND:
FERDINAND:
FERDINAND:
FERDINAND:
Exton, I thank thee not; for thou hast wrought
Expresseth his full tilth and husbandry.
Exposed this paragon to the fearful usage,
Expedient manage must be made, my liege,
Exeter, thou art a traitor to the crown
Exeter, so will I.
Exempt from envy, but not from disdain,
Execute all things; for no kind of traffic
Excepting one, I would he were the best
Except the marshal and such officers
Except like curs to tear us all to pieces.
Excels whatever yet you look'd upon
Exceeds, in that, the lists of all advice
Exceeding those that I can wish upon thee,
Examine other beauties.
Examine every married lineament,
Exactly is perform'd: but there's more work.
Every true man's apparel fits your thief: if it be
Every man's conscience is a thousand swords,
Every letter he hath writ hath disvouched other.
Every good hap to you that chances here:
Evermore weeping for your cousin's death?
Evermore thanks, the exchequer of the poor;
Evermore showering? In one little body
Evermore cross'd and cross'd; nothing but cross'd!
Ever to conquer, and to have his worth
Ever right.
Even with the stroke and line of his great justice:
Even with the same austerity and garb
Even with the dearest blood your bodies bear.
Even with such life of majesty, warm life,
Even where his lustful eye or savage heart,
Even when you please, since you will have it so.
Even when the navel of the state was touch'd,
Even to their ships.
Even to the uttermost, as I please, in words.
Even to the guilt or the purgation.
Even to the general all-ending day.
Even to the frozen ridges of the Alps,
Even to the court, the heart, to the seat o' the brain;
Even to my person, than I thought he would
Even to a full disgrace. Best of my flesh,
Even to Cato's wish, not fierce and terrible
Even thou and none but thou. Take it up straight:
Even then will rush to knowledge. Go: fresh horses!
Even then that sunshine brew'd a shower for him,
Even that, I hope, which pleaseth God above,
Even such, they say, as stand in narrow lanes,
Even such a woman oweth to her husband;
Even so; an't please your worship, Brakenbury,
Even so. Heaven keep your honour!
Even so, or with much more contempt, men's eyes
Even so thy breast encloseth my poor heart;
Even so as I mine own course have set down:
Even so
Even since it could speak, from an infant, freely
Even pushes 'gainst our heart: the party tried
Even or odd, of all days in the year,
Even of your mettle, of your very blood;
Even now we heard the news: ah, could'st thou fly!
Even now the frozen bosom of the north,
Even now forsake me, and of all my lands
Even like an o'ergrown lion in a cave,
Even like a fawning greyhound in the leash,
Even in these looks I made.
Even in these honest mean habiliments:
Even in theirs and in the commons' ears,
Even in the lusty havior of his son.
Even in the lukewarm blood of Henry's heart.
Even in the downfall of his mellow'd years,
Even in the chair of state: belike he means,
Even in the best blood chamber'd in his bosom.
Even in the afternoon of her best days,
Even in so short a space, my woman's heart
Even in his own garments, and gave himself,
Even in condition of the worst degree,
Even here undone!
Even he, your wife, this lady, and myself,
Even he, my lord.
Even he, Biondello.
Even he that makes her queen who should be else?
Even from this instant, banish him our city,
Even from the tongueless caverns of the earth,
Even for your son's sake; and thereby for sealing
Even for the loss of thee, having no more,
Even for revenge mock my destruction!
Even by your own.
Even at his feet to lay my arms and power,
Even as thou wilt, sweet Warwick, let it be;
Even as the waving sedges play with wind.
Even as she speaks, why, their hearts were yours;
Even as a flattering dream or worthless fancy.
Even all I have; yea, and myself and all,
Esteem as foil wherein thou art to set
Especially in pride.
Escalus.
Error i' the bill, sir; error i' the bill.
Erroneous, mutinous and unnatural,
Erroneous vassal! the great King of kings
Err'd in this point which now you censure him,
Ere't be disburden'd with a liberal tongue.
Ere you were queen, yea, or your husband king,
Ere you can say 'she's honest:' but be 't known,
Ere yet the fight be done, pack up: down with them!
Ere ye come there, be sure to hear some news.
Ere we may think her ripe to be a bride.
Ere twice the sun hath made his journal greeting
Ere three days pass, which hath as long loved me
Ere this rude beast will profit.
Ere they lack'd power to cross you.
Ere sun-rise, prayers from preserved souls,
Ere stay behind this business.
Ere so prevail'd with me: it will in time
Ere one can say 'It lightens.' Sweet, good night!
Ere now denied the asker? and now again
Ere he, that should be husband, comes to woo.
Ere he would have hanged a man for the getting a
Ere he express himself, or move the people
Ere he can spread his sweet leaves to the air,
Ere he attain his easeful western bed:
Ere further leisure yield them further means
Ere from this war thou turn a conqueror,
Ere a fortnight make me elder,
Ere I will see the crown so foul misplaced.
Ere I let fall the windows of mine eyes:
Ere I could make thee open thy white hand
Ere I again behold my Romeo!
Equal with wondering: what of her ensues
Environed with all these hideous fears?
Environed he was with many foes,
Environ'd me about, and howled in mine ears
Envied against the people, seeking means
Envelope you, good Provost! Who call'd here of late?
Ensuing dangers; as by proof, we see
Ensues his piteous and unpitied end:
Enrich the time to come with smooth-faced peace,
Enough, with over-measure.
Enough, my lord.
Enough then for your wonder. But, come on,
Enough of this; I pray thee, hold thy peace.
Enjoy your mistress, from the whom, I see,
Enjoy the kingdom after my decease.
England, bound in with the triumphant sea
England is safe, if true within itself?
England hath long been mad, and scarr'd herself;
England and France, and lord of Ireland, &c.
Engage it to the trial, if thou darest.
Engage it to the trial, if thou darest.
Enfranchisement immediate on his knees:
Enforced us to this execution?
Enforced thee! art thou king, and wilt be forced?
Enforce the present execution
Enforce him with his envy to the people,
Enforce attention like deep harmony:
Endured of her, for whom you bid like sorrow.
Endured all weathers.
Endue you with the people's voice: remains
End in a word: such is the breath of kings.
Encourage him, and show him all our reasons:
Embrace each other's love in banishment;
Embarquements all of fury, shall lift up
Ely with Richmond troubles me more near
Else, when he's found, that hour is his last.
Else would a maiden blush bepaint my cheek
Else would I tear the cave where Echo lies,
Else wherefore breathe I in a Christian land?
Else might I think that Clarence, Edward's brother,
Else let my brother die,
Eleven, sir.
Eleven hours I spent to write it over,
Elected him our absence to supply,
Either you must
Either withdraw unto some private place,
Either thou, or I, or both, must go with him.
Either thou wilt die, by God's just ordinance,
Either thou art most ignorant by age,
Either this is the envy in you, folly, or mistaking:
Either that is thine, or else thou wert not his.
Either of you to be the other's end.
Either of condemnation or approof;
Either new, or by remissness new-conceived,
Either my eyesight fails, or thou look'st pale.
Either his gracious promise, which you might,
Either heaven with lightning strike the
Either forbear,
Either for life or death, upon the earth
Either betray'd by falsehood of his guard
Either be patient, and entreat me fair,
Either be gone before the watch be set,
Either I must, or have mine honour soil'd
Edward, what satisfaction canst thou make
Edward, my lord, your son, our king, is dead.
Edward, kneel down.
Edward, her lord, whom I, some three months since,
Edward's seven sons, whereof thyself art one,
Edward will always bear himself as king:
Edward thy son, which now is Prince of Wales,
Edward the Fourth, by the grace of God, king of
Edward for Edward pays a dying debt.
Edward and York; then haply she will weep:
Edward and Richard, you shall stay with me;
Edward and Richard, like a brace of greyhounds
Edward and Clarence. O, what cause have I,
Edward Plantagenet, why art thou dead?
Edward Plantagenet, arise a knight;
Eating the bitter bread of banishment;
Earth-treading stars that make dark heaven light:
Earth gapes, hell burns, fiends roar, saints pray.
Earl of Northumberland, he slew thy father.
Each word thou hast spoke hath weeded from my heart
Each way, to better yours.
Each substance of a grief hath twenty shadows,
Each part, deprived of supple government,
Each one demand an answer to his part
Each one already blazing by our meeds,
Each in his office ready at thy beck.
Each day still better other's happiness;
EXTON:
EXTON:
EXTON:
EXTON:
EXTON:
EXTON:
EXETER:
EXETER:
EXETER:
EXETER:
EXETER:
EXETER:
EXETER:
EXETER:
EXETER:
EXETER:
EXETER:
EXETER:
EXETER:
ESCALUS:
ESCALUS:
ESCALUS:
ESCALUS:
ESCALUS:
ESCALUS:
ESCALUS:
ESCALUS:
ESCALUS:
ESCALUS:
ESCALUS:
ESCALUS:
ESCALUS:
ESCALUS:
ESCALUS:
ESCALUS:
ESCALUS:
ESCALUS:
ESCALUS:
ESCALUS:
ESCALUS:
ESCALUS:
ESCALUS:
ESCALUS:
ESCALUS:
ESCALUS:
ESCALUS:
ESCALUS:
ESCALUS:
ESCALUS:
ESCALUS:
ESCALUS:
ESCALUS:
ESCALUS:
ESCALUS:
ESCALUS:
ESCALUS:
ESCALUS:
ESCALUS:
ESCALUS:
ESCALUS:
ESCALUS:
ESCALUS:
ESCALUS:
ESCALUS:
ESCALUS:
ESCALUS:
ESCALUS:
ESCALUS:
ESCALUS:
ESCALUS:
ESCALUS:
ESCALUS:
ESCALUS:
ESCALUS:
ESCALUS:
ESCALUS:
ESCALUS:
ESCALUS:
ESCALUS:
ESCALUS:
ESCALUS:
ESCALUS:
ESCALUS:
ESCALUS:
ESCALUS:
ESCALUS:
ESCALUS:
ESCALUS:
ESCALUS:
ESCALUS:
ESCALUS:
ESCALUS:
ESCALUS:
ESCALUS:
ESCALUS:
ESCALUS:
ESCALUS:
EMILIA:
EMILIA:
EMILIA:
EMILIA:
ELBOW:
ELBOW:
ELBOW:
ELBOW:
ELBOW:
ELBOW:
ELBOW:
ELBOW:
ELBOW:
ELBOW:
ELBOW:
ELBOW:
ELBOW:
ELBOW:
ELBOW:
ELBOW:
ELBOW:
ELBOW:
ELBOW:
ELBOW:
ELBOW:
ELBOW:
ELBOW:
ELBOW:
ELBOW:
ELBOW:
ELBOW:
ELBOW:
EDWARD:
EDWARD:
EDWARD:
EDWARD:
EDWARD:
EDWARD:
EDWARD:
EDWARD:
EDWARD:
EDWARD:
EDWARD:
EDWARD:
EDWARD:
EDWARD:
EDWARD:
EDWARD:
EDWARD:
EDWARD:
EDWARD:
EDWARD:
EDWARD:
EDWARD:
EDWARD:
EDWARD:
EDWARD:
EDWARD:
EDWARD:
EDWARD:
EDWARD:
EDWARD:
EDWARD:
EDWARD:
EDWARD:
EDWARD:
EARL OF SALISBURY:
EARL OF SALISBURY:
EARL OF SALISBURY:
E'en at hand, alighted by this; and therefore be
Dwelt by a churchyard: I will tell it softly;
During the wars of York and Lancaster
During his power, go sleep.
Dull, unmindful villain,
Dull thing, I say so; he, that Caliban
Dukes, earls, lords, gentlemen; indeed, of all.
Duck with French nods and apish courtesy,
Dry up your tears, and stick your rosemary
Dry sorrow drinks our blood. Adieu, adieu!
Drums in his ear, at which he starts and wakes,
Drummer, strike up, and let us march away.
Drown desperate sorrow in dead Edward's grave,
Dropping upon thy head.
Drop-heir that killed lusty Pudding, and Master
Drop on you both! a south-west blow on ye
Droop not; adieu. Farewell, my wife, my mother:
Driving back shadows over louring hills:
Drinking my griefs, whilst you mount up on high.
Drest in a little brief authority,
Dreamt of encounters 'twixt thyself and me;
Dreaming on both; for all thy blessed youth
Draws the sweet infant breath of gentle sleep;
Draws out our miles, and makes them wearisome,
Drawn with a team of little atomies
Drawn tuns of blood out of thy country's breast,
Draw, if you be men. Gregory, remember thy swashing blow.
Draw, Benvolio; beat down their weapons.
Draw near, ye people.
Draw near, Queen Margaret, and be a witness
Draw near,
Draw forth thy weapon, we are beset with thieves;
Down, ladies; let us shame him with our knees.
Down, down to hell; and say I sent thee thither:
Down, down I come; like glistering Phaethon,
Down with the topmast! yare! lower, lower! Bring
Down with the Capulets! down with the Montagues!
Down with that sword! Tribunes, withdraw awhile.
Down with him, down with him!
Down with him! down with him!
Dove-feather'd raven! wolvish-ravening lamb!
Doubt not
Doubly portcullis'd with my teeth and lips;
Doubly divorced! Bad men, you violate
Double and treble admonition, and still forfeit in
Doting like me and like me banished,
Doth your honour see any harm in his face?
Doth with a twofold vigour lift me up
Doth watch Bianca's steps so narrowly,
Doth this news hold of good King Edward's death?
Doth she not think me an old murderer,
Doth set my pugging tooth on edge;
Doth not thy embassage belong to me,
Doth not the object cheer your heart, my lord?
Doth my name lodge? tell me, that I may sack
Doth much excuse the appertaining rage
Doth more solicit me than your exclaims,
Doth make against me of this direful murder;
Doth love my daughter and she loveth him,
Doth live again in thee: long mayst thou live
Doth it not then our eyelids sink? I find not
Doth hurry from the fatal cannon's womb.
Doth he so seek his life?
Doth grace for grace and love for love allow;
Doth flourish the deceit. Come, let us go:
Doth fancy any other but Lucentio?
Doth couch his limbs, there golden sleep doth reign:
Doth cloud my joys with danger and with sorrow.
Doth cherish you and yours, God punish me
Doth add more grief to too much of mine own.
Dost thou teach pardon pardon to destroy?
Dost thou not laugh?
Dost thou not bring me letters from the friar?
Dost thou love pictures? we will fetch thee straight
Dost thou love me? I know thou wilt say 'Ay,'
Dost thou love hawking? thou hast hawks will soar
Dost thou hear?
Dost thou forget
Dost thou detest her therefore?
Dost thou desire her foully for those things
Dost thou attend me?
Dost think I am so muddy, so unsettled,
Dost lack any money? I have a little money for thee.
Dost grant me, hedgehog? then, God grant me too
Dorset, embrace him; Hastings, love lord marquess.
Dorset your son, that with a fearful soul
Done. The wager?
Done many things, some less, some more your voices:
Dolour comes to him, indeed: you
Doing more murders in this loathsome world,
Doing annoyance to the treacherous feet
Dogs, easily won to fawn on any man!
Dogs howl'd, and hideous tempest shook down trees;
Does your worship mean to geld and splay all the
Does reason our petition with more strength
Does of the shepherds: for his best friends, if they
Does not approve me further, who was wont
Does my deeds make the blacker!
Does change my disposition.
Does Bridget paint still, Pompey, ha?
Do, good old grandsire; and withal make known
Do, good my lord, your citizens entreat you.
Do, good my lord, lest all the land do rue it.
Do, and be witness to 't.
Do, Paulina;
Do't! he will do't; for, look you, sir, he has as
Do't not, thou split'st thine own.
Do't and thou hast the one half of my heart;
Do your will.
Do you your office, or give up your place,
Do you the office, friar; which consummate,
Do you so, sir? And was the duke a fleshmonger, a
Do you quarrel, sir?
Do you persuade yourself that I respect you?
Do you not smile at this, Lord Angelo?
Do you not see that I am out of breath?
Do you not hear me speak?
Do you not hear him? You mar our labour: keep your
Do you neglect them?
Do you intend to stay with me tonight?
Do you hear?
Do you hear, sir? To leave frivolous circumstances,
Do you hear, ho? you must meet my master to
Do you hear how we are shent for keeping your
Do you hear how he misplaces?
Do you call, sir?
Do you bite your thumb at us, sir?
Do you bite your thumb at us, sir?
Do wound the bark, the skin of our fruit-trees,
Do with your injuries as seems you best,
Do what you can, yours will not be entreated.
Do what thou canst, I will not go to-day;
Do through the clouds behold this present hour,
Do thou but close our hands with holy words,
Do thou but call my resolution wise,
Do they still fly to the Roman?
Do then: but I'll not hear.
Do their best office, if they can but stay you
Do strike at my injustice.
Do so, it is a point of wisdom: fare you well.
Do so, and bid my sweet prepare to chide.
Do so, and after two days
Do smilingly revolt; and who resist
Do seem to be of ours?
Do right unto this princely Duke of York,
Do press among the popular throngs and puff
Do plainly give you out an unstain'd shepherd,
Do not you fear: upon mine honour,
Do not swear at all;
Do not stand upon't.
Do not repent these things, for they are heavier
Do not omit the heavy offer of it:
Do not draw the curtain.
Do not deny to him that you love me.
Do not cry havoc, where you should but hunt
Do not believe it. Fewness and truth, 'tis thus:
Do more than counterpoise a full third part
Do me this right; hear me with patience.
Do me but right, and you must all confess
Do make myself a suitor to your daughter,
Do light upon her, she shall bring him that
Do lace the severing clouds in yonder east:
Do give a life: no shepherdess, but Flora
Do get their children; but in this case of wooing,
Do even drag me homeward: which to hinder
Do ebb and flow with tears; the bark thy body is,
Do curse the gout, serpigo, and the rheum,
Do come with words as medicinal as true,
Do climate here! You have a holy father,
Do but mistake.
Do bid it welcome.
Do as thou wilt, for I have done with thee.
Do as the heavens have done, forget your evil;
Do as the carrion does, not as the flower,
Do all lie there: it shall be so my care
Do I live dead that live to tell it now.
Divinely bent to meditation;
Divine his downfall? Say, where, when, and how,
Divides one thing entire to many objects;
Divided in their dire division,
Divide in all with us.
Dive, thoughts, down to my soul: here
Distinguish form: so your sweet majesty,
Dissentious numbers pestering streets than see
Dissemble not your hatred, swear your love.
Dispute not with her; she is lunatic.
Dispropertied their freedoms, holding them,
Dispose of you.
Dispose of her
Displant a town, reverse a prince's doom,
Dispatch; the limit of your lives is out.
Dispatch, my lord; the duke would be at dinner:
Dispatch, I prithee.
Dispatch it presently; the hour draws on
Dispark'd my parks and fell'd my forest woods,
Disorder, horror, fear and mutiny
Dismiss them home.
Dismiss my soldiers, or capitulate
Dismantle you, and, as you can, disliken
Dishonourable boy!
Discomfortable cousin! know'st thou not
Disclaiming here the kindred of the king,
Discharge my followers: let them hence away,
Disbursed I duly to his highness' soldiers;
Directitude! what's that?
Direct not him whose way himself will choose:
Direct my sail! On, lusty gentlemen.
Direct me, if it be your will,
Dine with my father, drink a health to me;
Digressing from the valour of a man;
Dighton and Forrest, whom I did suborn
Digest it with a custom, I should blush
Die, perish! Might but my bending down
Die neither mother, wife, nor England's queen!
Die in his youth by like untimely violence!
Didst yield consent to disinherit him,
Didst thou not say he comes?
Didst thou not mark the king, what words he spake,
Didst thou not kill this king?
Didst thou not hear me swear I would not do it?
Didst perceive it?
Didst note it?
Didst break that vow; and with thy treacherous blade
Did, as he vouches, misreport your grace.
Did you yet ever see Baptista's daughter?
Did you such a thing?
Did you perceive
Did will what he did spend and spent not that
Did verily bear blood?
Did utter forth a voice. Yes, thou must die:
Did us but loving wrong.
Did triumph in my face, and they are fled;
Did to thy father, steep'd in Rutland's blood,--
Did this break-from her: 'Good Antigonus,
Did they not sometime cry, 'all hail!' to me?
Did shake down mellow fruit.
Did see and hear, devise, instruct, walk, feel,
Did scowl on gentle Richard; no man cried 'God save him!'
Did prophesy that Richmond should be king,
Did perish with the infant. 'Tis your counsel
Did not the one deserve to have an heir?
Did not offend, nor were not worthy blame,
Did not go forth of us, 'twere all alike
Did not deserve corn gratis. Being i' the war
Did not attend him as we rode? I think
Did not I tell thee yea? hadst thou not order?
Did never meddle with my thoughts.
Did my heart love till now? forswear it, sight!
Did murder her; as that name's cursed hand
Did make wolves howl and penetrate the breasts
Did keep ten thousand men? was this the face
Did it to help thee to a better husband.
Did grace our hollow parting with a tear.
Did glad my heart with hope of this young Richmond,
Did follow to his urn.
Did ever so long live; no sorrow
Did ever dragon keep so fair a cave?
Did ever Dian so become a grove
Did York's dread curse prevail so much with heaven?
Did Julius Caesar build that place, my lord?
Did I put Henry from his native right?
Did I not bid thee meet me in the park,
Did I let pass the abuse done to my niece?
Did I impale him with the regal crown?
Did I forget that by the house of York
Dicky your boy, that with his grumbling voice
Di faciant laudis summa sit ista tuae!
Devouring pestilence hangs in our air
Devised impeachments to imprison him :
Destruction straight shall dog them at the heels.
Destroy'd the sweet'st companion that e'er man
Destroy'd his country, and his name remains
Destroy what lies before 'em.
Despiteful tidings! O unpleasing news!
Despite of death that lives upon my grave,
Despised, distressed, hated, martyr'd, kill'd!
Despised substance of divinest show!
Despair not, madam.
Desolate, desolate, will I hence and die:
Desires you to attach his son, who has--
Desires access to you.
Desire to breed by me. Here's flowers for you;
Desire the earl to see me in my tent:
Deserves your hate; and your affections are
Deserves the extremest death.
Deservedly confined into this rock,
Deserved this so dishonour'd rub, laid falsely
Deserve such pity of him as the wolf
Deserve not worse than wretched Clarence did,
Depress'd he is already, and deposed
Deposing thee before thou wert possess'd,
Deposed he shall be, in despite of all.
Depose him in the justice of his cause.
Depart again: here, here will I remain
Deny your asking: take your choice of those
Deny thy father and refuse thy name;
Denounced against thee, are all fall'n upon thee;
Deliver them this paper: having read it,
Delay this marriage for a month, a week;
Delay leads impotent and snail-paced beggary
Defy them then, or else hold close thy lips.
Deformed, unfinish'd, sent before my time
Definitively thus I answer you.
Defiance to the traitor, and so die?
Deep, hollow, treacherous, and full of guile,
Deep malice makes too deep incision;
Decline all this, and see what now thou art:
Deck'd in thy rights, as thou art stall'd in mine!
Deceived in thy integrity, deceived
Deceive more slily than Ulysses could,
Deceitful Warwick! it was thy device
Death, that hath ta'en her hence to make me wail,
Death, that hath suck'd the honey of thy breath,
Death, that dark spirit, in 's nervy arm doth lie;
Death, lie thou there, by a dead man interr'd.
Death, desolation, ruin and decay:
Death to thyself but to thy lewd-tongued wife,
Death on the wheel or at wild horses' heels,
Death makes no conquest of this conqueror;
Death lies on her like an untimely frost
Death is my son-in-law, Death is my heir;
Death is a fearful thing.
Death and destruction dog thee at the heels;
Dear, look up:
Dear sir, ere long I'll visit you again.
Dear queen, that ended when I but began,
Dear my brother,
Dear life redeems you. You perceive she stirs:
Dear gentlewoman,
Dear for her reputation through the world,
Dear earth, I do salute thee with my hand,
Dear brother, how shall Bona be revenged
Dead to infliction, to themselves are dead;
Dead art thou! Alack! my child is dead;
Dazzle mine eyes, or do I see three suns?
Day, yield me not thy light; nor, night, thy rest!
Day, night, hour, tide, time, work, play,
Daughter, well met.
Dashes the fire out. O, I have suffered
Dash'd all to pieces. O, the cry did knock
Darraign your battle, for they are at hand.
Dark cloudy death o'ershades his beams of life,
Daring an opposite to every danger:
Darest with thy frozen admonition
Darest thou, thou little better thing than earth,
Darest thou resolve to kill a friend of mine?
Dares stir a wing, if Warwick shake his bells.
Dared once to touch a dust of England's ground?
Dare rack his own: his subject am I not,
Dare not relate.
Dare no more stretch this finger of mine than he
Dare he presume to scorn us in this manner?
Dally not with the gods, but get thee gone.
Dabbled in blood; and he squeak'd out aloud,
DUKE:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE VINCENTIO:
DUKE OF YORK:
DUKE OF YORK:
DUKE OF YORK:
DUKE OF YORK:
DUKE OF YORK:
DUKE OF YORK:
DUKE OF YORK:
DUKE OF YORK:
DUKE OF YORK:
DUKE OF YORK:
DUKE OF YORK:
DUKE OF YORK:
DUKE OF YORK:
DUKE OF YORK:
DUKE OF YORK:
DUKE OF YORK:
DUKE OF YORK:
DUKE OF YORK:
DUKE OF YORK:
DUKE OF YORK:
DUKE OF YORK:
DUKE OF YORK:
DUKE OF YORK:
DUKE OF YORK:
DUKE OF YORK:
DUKE OF YORK:
DUKE OF YORK:
DUKE OF YORK:
DUKE OF YORK:
DUKE OF YORK:
DUKE OF YORK:
DUKE OF YORK:
DUKE OF YORK:
DUKE OF YORK:
DUKE OF YORK:
DUKE OF YORK:
DUKE OF YORK:
DUKE OF YORK:
DUKE OF YORK:
DUKE OF YORK:
DUKE OF YORK:
DUKE OF YORK:
DUKE OF YORK:
DUKE OF YORK:
DUKE OF YORK:
DUKE OF YORK:
DUKE OF YORK:
DUKE OF YORK:
DUKE OF YORK:
DUKE OF YORK:
DUKE OF YORK:
DUKE OF YORK:
DUKE OF YORK:
DUKE OF YORK:
DUKE OF SURREY:
DUKE OF SURREY:
DUKE OF SURREY:
DUKE OF AUMERLE:
DUKE OF AUMERLE:
DUKE OF AUMERLE:
DUKE OF AUMERLE:
DUKE OF AUMERLE:
DUKE OF AUMERLE:
DUKE OF AUMERLE:
DUKE OF AUMERLE:
DUKE OF AUMERLE:
DUKE OF AUMERLE:
DUKE OF AUMERLE:
DUKE OF AUMERLE:
DUKE OF AUMERLE:
DUKE OF AUMERLE:
DUKE OF AUMERLE:
DUKE OF AUMERLE:
DUKE OF AUMERLE:
DUKE OF AUMERLE:
DUKE OF AUMERLE:
DUKE OF AUMERLE:
DUKE OF AUMERLE:
DUKE OF AUMERLE:
DUKE OF AUMERLE:
DUKE OF AUMERLE:
DUKE OF AUMERLE:
DUKE OF AUMERLE:
DUKE OF AUMERLE:
DUKE OF AUMERLE:
DUKE OF AUMERLE:
DUKE OF AUMERLE:
DUKE OF AUMERLE:
DUKE OF AUMERLE:
DUKE OF AUMERLE:
DUKE OF AUMERLE:
DUKE OF AUMERLE:
DUKE OF AUMERLE:
DUKE OF AUMERLE:
DUKE OF AUMERLE:
DUCHESS:
DUCHESS:
DUCHESS:
DUCHESS:
DUCHESS OF YORK:
DUCHESS OF YORK:
DUCHESS OF YORK:
DUCHESS OF YORK:
DUCHESS OF YORK:
DUCHESS OF YORK:
DUCHESS OF YORK:
DUCHESS OF YORK:
DUCHESS OF YORK:
DUCHESS OF YORK:
DUCHESS OF YORK:
DUCHESS OF YORK:
DUCHESS OF YORK:
DUCHESS OF YORK:
DUCHESS OF YORK:
DUCHESS OF YORK:
DUCHESS OF YORK:
DUCHESS OF YORK:
DUCHESS OF YORK:
DUCHESS OF YORK:
DUCHESS OF YORK:
DUCHESS OF YORK:
DUCHESS OF YORK:
DUCHESS OF YORK:
DUCHESS OF YORK:
DUCHESS OF YORK:
DUCHESS OF YORK:
DUCHESS OF YORK:
DUCHESS OF YORK:
DUCHESS OF YORK:
DUCHESS OF YORK:
DUCHESS OF YORK:
DUCHESS OF YORK:
DUCHESS OF YORK:
DUCHESS OF YORK:
DUCHESS OF YORK:
DUCHESS OF YORK:
DUCHESS OF YORK:
DUCHESS OF YORK:
DUCHESS OF YORK:
DUCHESS OF YORK:
DUCHESS OF YORK:
DUCHESS OF YORK:
DUCHESS OF YORK:
DUCHESS OF YORK:
DUCHESS OF YORK:
DUCHESS OF YORK:
DUCHESS OF YORK:
DUCHESS OF YORK:
DUCHESS OF YORK:
DUCHESS OF YORK:
DUCHESS OF YORK:
DUCHESS OF YORK:
DUCHESS OF YORK:
DUCHESS OF YORK:
DUCHESS OF YORK:
DUCHESS OF YORK:
DUCHESS OF YORK:
DUCHESS OF YORK:
DUCHESS OF YORK:
DUCHESS OF YORK:
DUCHESS OF YORK:
DUCHESS OF YORK:
DUCHESS OF YORK:
DUCHESS OF YORK:
DUCHESS OF YORK:
DUCHESS OF YORK:
DUCHESS OF YORK:
DUCHESS OF YORK:
DUCHESS OF YORK:
DUCHESS OF YORK:
DORSET:
DORSET:
DORSET:
DORSET:
DORSET:
DORSET:
DORSET:
DORSET:
DORSET:
DORSET:
DORCAS:
DORCAS:
DORCAS:
DORCAS:
DORCAS:
DORCAS:
DORCAS:
DORCAS:
DORCAS:
DORCAS:
DORCAS:
DION:
DION:
DION:
DION:
DERBY:
DERBY:
DERBY:
DERBY:
DERBY:
DERBY:
DERBY:
DERBY:
DERBY:
DERBY:
DERBY:
DERBY:
DERBY:
DERBY:
DERBY:
Cyprus black as e'er was crow;
Cuts off the ceremonious vows of love
Cuts beauty off from all posterity.
Cut off the heads of too fast growing sprays,
Cut off by course of justice,--
Cut me to pieces, Volsces; men and lads,
Curster than she? why, 'tis impossible.
Cursed the blood that let this blood from hence!
Cursed be the heart that had the heart to do it!
Cursed be the hand that made these fatal holes!
Cursed be I that did so! All the charms
Curse not thyself, fair creature thou art both.
Currents that spring from one most gracious head,
Cunning in music and the mathematics,
Culling the principal of all the deer.
Culling of simples; meagre were his looks,
Crying confusion.
Cry woe, destruction, ruin and decay:
Cry mercy, lords and watchful gentlemen,
Cry lost, and so good night!
Cry fie upon my grave!
Cry but 'Ay me!' pronounce but 'love' and 'dove;'
Cry 'Welcome, ladies, welcome!'
Cry 'God save Richard, England's royal king!'
Crowns what you are doing in the present deed,
Crowns in my purse I have and goods at home,
Crowd to his presence, where their untaught love
Craft against vice I must apply:
Cover your heads and mock not flesh and blood
Cousins, indeed; and by their uncle cozen'd
Cousin, throw up your gage; do you begin.
Cousin, thou wert not wont to be so dull:
Cousin, stand forth, and look upon that man.
Cousin, farewell; and, uncle, bid him so:
Cousin, farewell: what presence must not know,
Cousin, I am too young to be your father,
Cousin of Hereford, what dost thou object
Cousin of Hereford, as thy cause is right,
Cousin of Exeter, what thinks your lordship?
Cousin of Exeter, frowns, words and threats
Cousin of Buckingham, and you sage, grave men,
Cousin of Buckingham, a word with you.
Courtsied when you have and kiss'd
Courageously and with a free desire
Courageous Richmond, well hast thou acquit thee.
Courage, my masters! honour now or never!
Courage, man; the hurt cannot be much.
Courage! there will be pity taken on you: you that
County Anselme and his beauteous sisters; the lady
Counting myself but bad till I be best.
Counsel o' the war, but at his nurse's tears
Counsel me, Tranio, for I know thou canst;
Could you not take some occasion without giving?
Could you not have told him
Could we but learn from whence his sorrows grow.
Could to no issue of true honour bring.
Could not take truce with the unruly spleen
Could not have made this peace.
Could not believe but that I was in hell,
Could not again undo: it was mine art,
Could not abide to be with; therefore wast thou
Could man so blench?
Could he say less?
Could he not speak 'em fair?
Could have attain'd the effect of your own purpose,
Could great men thunder
Could fetch your brother from the manacles
Could ever yet cut breath? Let no man mock me,
Could draw to part them, was stout Tybalt slain.
Could all but answer for that peevish brat?
Could I with boot change for an idle plume,
Could I repair what she will wear in me,
Costly apparel, tents, and canopies,
Corrupt with virtuous season. Can it be
Correction and instruction must both work
Corn for the rich men only: with these shreds
Corioli like a planet: now all's his:
Coriolanus, that they are in a ripe aptness to take
Coriolanus' exile. Now he's coming;
Coriolanus will carry it.
Coriolanus neither to care whether they love or hate
Coriolanus in Corioli?
Coriolanus banished!
Convey me to my bed, then to my grave:
Convenient numbers to make good the city;
Convenient is it. Make a swift return;
Controlling majesty: alack, alack, for woe,
Contract us 'fore these witnesses.
Content. What is the wager?
Content.
Content, content.
Content you, gentlemen: I will compound this strife:
Content thee, gentle coz, let him alone;
Contend against thy valour. Know thou first,
Contempt and beggary hangs upon thy back;
Containing the deposing of a king
Consuming means, soon preys upon itself.
Consul! what consul?
Construe them.
Constrains them weep and shake with fear and sorrow;
Consorted with that harlot strumpet Shore,
Consort! what, dost thou make us minstrels? an
Consisting equally of horse and foot;
Consider you what services he has done for his country?
Consider this: he has been bred i' the wars
Consider of it.'
Consider further,
Consenting to the safeguard of your honour,
Conjectural marriages; making parties strong
Congeal'd with this, do make me wipe off both.
Confusion's near; I cannot speak. You, tribunes
Confounds thy fame as whirlwinds shake fair buds,
Confound your hidden falsehood, and award
Conformable as other household Kates.
Confirm the crown to me and to mine heirs,
Confess, confess, hath he not hit you here?
Confess yourselves wondrous malicious,
Confess who set thee up and pluck'd thee own,
Confess thy treasons ere thou fly the realm;
Confess the truth, and say by whose advice
Conduct me to the queen.
Conditionally, that here thou take an oath
Condition!
Condemns you to the death. See them deliver'd over
Condemning some to death, and some to exile;
Condemned villain, I do apprehend thee:
Condemn'd upon the act of fornication
Condemn the fault and not the actor of it?
Concluding 'Stay: not yet.'
Concern me the reporting.
Conceiving you: were I but twenty-one,
Conceiving the dishonour of his mother,
Conceives by me! How likes Hortensio that?
Conceive when after many moody thoughts
Conceit, more rich in matter than in words,
Comprising all that may be sworn or said,
Complotted and contrived in this land
Compare her face with some that I shall show,
Compare dead happiness with living woe;
Compact with her that's gone, think'st thou thy oaths,
Communicatest with dreams;--how can this be?--
Commune with you of this, but rather follow
Commonly are; the want of which vain dew
Committed by your person and your followers
Commit'st thy anointed body to the cure
Commit them to the fire!
Commit the war of white and damask in
Commit me for committing honour, trust it,
Commend them and condemn them to her service
Commend my best obedience to the queen:
Commend me to thy lady.
Commend me to thy brother, Edmund York.
Commend me to my wife. I'll return consul;
Commend me to my brother: soon at night
Commend me to Lord William: tell him, Catesby,
Commands me name myself.
Commanded always by the greater gust;
Command these fretting waters from your eyes
Command an argosy to stem the waves.
Cominius, no.
Cominius, Marcius your old enemy,
Comfort, my lord; and so I take my leave.
Comfort, my liege; why looks your grace so pale?
Comfort, my liege; remember who you are.
Comfort, good comfort! We must to the king and show
Comfort, dear mother: God is much displeased
Comfort's in heaven; and we are on the earth,
Comest thou because the anointed king is hence?
Comes to the entertainer--
Comes rushing on this woeful land at once!
Comes it not something near?
Comes hunting this way to disport himself.
Comes at the last and with a little pin
Comes Warwick, backing of the Duke of York;
Come; fear you not: good counsellors lack no
Come:
Come, your hand;
Come, you are so full of cony-catching!
Come, you are a tedious fool: to the purpose. What
Come, where be these gallants? who's at home?
Come, what talk you
Come, we'll inform them
Come, we will walk. There's other of our friends
Come, we are fellows and friends: he was ever too
Come, vial.
Come, try upon yourselves what you have seen me.
Come, thou tortoise! when?
Come, therefore, let's about it speedily.
Come, therefore, let us fly while we may fly:
Come, strike up!
Come, stir, stir, stir! the second cock hath crow'd,
Come, son, away; we may not linger thus.
Come, sister,--cousin, I would say--pray, pardon me.
Come, sirs, convey me to the block of shame;
Come, sir; we will better it in Pisa.
Come, sir; come, sir; come, sir; foh, sir! Why, you
Come, sir: did you set these women on to slander
Come, sir.
Come, sir, your passado.
Come, sir, leave me your snatches, and yield me a
Come, sir, come, we know you well enough.
Come, sir, along with us.
Come, sir, I know what I know.
Come, shall we go?
Come, quench your blushes and present yourself
Come, poor babe:
Come, officer, away!
Come, now towards Chertsey with your holy load,
Come, night; come, Romeo; come, thou day in night;
Come, my sweet wife, my dearest mother, and
Come, my old son: I pray God make thee new.
Come, my gracious lord,
Come, my captain knows you not.
Come, muster men: my counsel is my shield;
Come, mourn with me for that I do lament,
Come, mistress Kate, I'll bear you company.
Come, make him stand upon this molehill here,
Come, madam, you must straight to Westminster,
Come, madam, come; I in all haste was sent.
Come, let's away; the strangers all are gone.
Come, let's away. When, Caius, Rome is thine,
Come, let us to our holy task again.
Come, let us sup betimes, that afterwards
Come, leave your tears: a brief farewell: the beast
Come, lead me to the block; bear him my head.
Come, lay aside your stitchery; I must have you play
Come, lady, come. Farewell, my friend.
Come, knock and enter; and no sooner in,
Come, is the bride ready to go to church?
Come, he hath hid himself among these trees,
Come, good sweet lady. Prithee, Virgilia, turn thy
Come, go, good Juliet,
Come, go with us; speak fair: you may salve so,
Come, go with me.
Come, go along, and see the truth hereof;
Come, gentlemen, let's all go visit him:
Come, gentle night, come, loving, black-brow'd night,
Come, follow. Speak not for him.
Come, fellow-soldier, make thou proclamation.
Come, enter with us. Ladies, you deserve
Come, enough.
Come, death, and welcome! Juliet wills it so.
Come, cousin, let us tell the queen these news.
Come, cousin, canst thou quake, and change thy colour,
Come, cousin you shall be the messenger.
Come, cords, come, nurse; I'll to my wedding-bed;
Come, cordial and not poison, go with me
Come, come; let's see him out at gates; come.
Come, come.
Come, come, you're mocking: we will have no telling.
Come, come, you wasp; i' faith, you are too angry.
Come, come, you mock me; this is not the way
Come, come, you have been too rough, something
Come, come, you froward and unable worms!
Come, come, you are well understood to be a
Come, come, we'll prompt you.
Come, come, we know your meaning, brother
Come, come, we fear the worst; all shall be well.
Come, come, thou art as hot a Jack in thy mood as
Come, come, they are almost here. How many stand
Come, come, peace.
Come, come, my son, I'll bring thee on thy way:
Come, come, my boy; we will to sanctuary.
Come, come, in wooing sorrow let's be brief,
Come, come, he must not.
Come, come, have with you. Wot you what, my lord?
Come, come, dispatch; 'tis bootless to exclaim.
Come, come with me, and we will make short work;
Come, citizens: 'zounds! I'll entreat no more.
Come, bustle, bustle; caparison my horse.
Come, bring them away: if these be good people in
Come, bring forth the prisoners.
Come, boy; I am past moe children, but thy sons and
Come, bloody Clifford, rough Northumberland,
Come, bitter conduct, come, unsavoury guide!
Come, York and Richard, Warwick and the rest;
Come, Warwick, take the time; kneel down, kneel down:
Come, Montague; for thou art early up,
Come, Kate, we'll to bed.
Come, Kate, sit down; I know you have a stomach.
Come, Kate, and wash, and welcome heartily.
Come, I'll conduct you to the sanctuary.
Come, I will bring thee to thy bridal chamber.
Come, I have heard that fearful commenting
Come, I have found you out a stand most fit,
Come, Hastings, help me to my closet.
Come, Grey, come, Vaughan, let us all embrace:
Come, Clarence, come; thou wilt, if Warwick call.
Come your ways, sir; come.
Come your ways, sir; come.
Come your way, sir. 'Bless you, good father friar.
Come you to seek the lamb here of the fox?
Come you to make confession to this father?
Come you hither to me, Master tapster. What's your
Come weep with me; past hope, past cure, past help!
Come up to the truth. So have we thought it good
Come unto these yellow sands,
Come to thy heart as that within my breast!
Come to the pedlar;
Come to redeem me? there's a fearful point!
Come to me, Tyrrel, soon at after supper,
Come thou on my side, and entreat for me,
Come then, away; let's ha' no more ado.
Come the next Sabbath, and I will content you.
Come quickly, Montague, or I am dead.
Come pentecost as quickly as it will,
Come on; obey:
Come on, then,
Come on, strike up!
Come on, sit down: come on, and do your best
Come on, our queen: to-morrow must we part;
Come on, my masters, each man take his stand:
Come on, mistress: here's a gentlewoman denies all
Come on, lay it by: and let's first see moe
Come on, i' God's name; once more toward our father's.
Come on, come on; where is your boar-spear, man?
Come on, brave soldiers: doubt not of the day,
Come on, bawd; I will instruct thee in my trade; follow.
Come on, Lord Hastings, will you go with me?
Come on, I say; and first begin with her.
Come not before him.
Come home with me to supper; and I'll lay
Come home to ye!--you must retire yourself
Come hither, you rogue. What, have you forgot me?
Come hither, sirrah. Can you cut off a man's head?
Come hither, nurse. What is yond gentleman?
Come hither, man. I see that thou art poor:
Come hither, cover'd with an antic face,
Come hither, Mariana.
Come hither, Isabel.
Come hither, England's hope.
Come hither, Bess, and let me kiss my boy.
Come hither to me, Master Elbow; come hither, Master
Come forth, I say! there's other business for thee:
Come buy of me, come; come buy, come buy;
Come between us, good Benvolio; my wits faint.
Come away; it is almost clear dawn.
Come away, servant, come. I am ready now.
Come all to help him, and so stop the air
Come Lammas-eve at night shall she be fourteen.
Come I too late?
Come I appellant to this princely presence.
Cold friends to Richard: what do they in the north,
Cold fearful drops stand on my trembling flesh.
Cold death aside, and with the other sends
Cold biting winter mars our hoped-for hay.
Coin words till their decay against those measles,
Cog their hearts from them, and come home beloved
Clubs, bills, and partisans! strike! beat them down!
Clown:
Clown:
Clown:
Clown:
Clown:
Clown:
Clown:
Clown:
Clown:
Clown:
Clown:
Clown:
Clown:
Clown:
Clown:
Clown:
Clown:
Clown:
Clown:
Clown:
Clown:
Clown:
Clown:
Clown:
Clown:
Clown:
Clown:
Clown:
Clown:
Clown:
Clown:
Clown:
Clown:
Clown:
Clown:
Clown:
Clown:
Clown:
Clown:
Clown:
Clown:
Clown:
Clown:
Clown:
Clown:
Clown:
Clown:
Clown:
Clown:
Clown:
Clown:
Clown:
Clown:
Clown:
Clown:
Clown:
Clown:
Clown:
Clown:
Clown:
Clown:
Clown:
Clown:
Clown:
Close by, my master.
Clifford, repent in bootless penitence.
Clifford, devise excuses for thy faults.
Clifford, ask mercy and obtain no grace.
Clerk-like experienced, which no less adorns
Cleomenes and Dion, whom you know
Cleave in the midst, and perish.
Clear them o' the city. For myself, I'll put
Clean over-blown, themselves, the conquerors.
Claudio, whom here you have warrant to execute, is
Claudio to prison? 'tis not so.
Claudio must die to-morrow: let him be furnished
Claudio die to-morrow or no?
Clarence, whom I, indeed, have laid in darkness,
Clarence, thy turn is next, and then the rest,
Clarence, excuse me to the king my brother;
Clarence, beware; thou keep'st me from the light:
Clarence still breathes; Edward still lives and reigns:
Clarence hath not another day to live:
Clarence comes.
Clarence and Somerset both gone to Warwick!
Clarence and Gloucester, love my lovely queen;
Clapp'd to their gates: he is himself alone,
Clambering the walls to eye him: stalls, bulks, windows,
Citizens:
Citizens:
Citizens:
Citizens:
Citizens:
Citizens:
Citizens:
Citizens:
Citizens:
Citizens:
Citizens:
Citizens:
Citizens:
Citizens:
Citizens:
Citizens:
Citizens:
Citizen:
Citizen:
Citizen:
Chorus:
Chop off his head, man; somewhat we will do:
Choose out some secret place, some reverend room,
Choler!
Children:
Children:
Children:
Chide me, dear stone, that I may say indeed
Chide me no more. I'll mountebank their loves,
Cherish rebellion and are rebels all.
Chequering the eastern clouds with streaks of light,
Cheer'd up the drooping army; and himself,
Cheated of feature by dissembling nature,
Charges she more than me?
Charged our main battle's front, and breaking in
Charge him too coldly. Tell him, you are sure
Chaplain, away! thy priesthood saves thy life.
Change the complexion of her maid-pale peace
Change shapes with Proteus for advantages,
Certainly, sir, I can.
Certainly
Cease; no more.
Cats, that can judge as fitly of his worth
Catesby, we come. Lords, will you go with us?
Catesby, o'erlook the walls.
Catesby!
Catesby!
Catesby hath sounded Hastings in our business,
Casting their savageness aside have done
Cast your election on him.
Cast off his chains of bondage and embrace
Cast by their grave beseeming ornaments,
Carthage?
Carry this mad knave to the gaol. Father Baptista,
Carry me to the gaol!
Carry his honours even: whether 'twas pride,
Carry him gently to my fairest chamber
Carouse full measure to her maidenhead,
Carnally, she says.
Carlisle, this is your doom:
Care not for issue;
Care keeps his watch in every old man's eye,
Care for us! True, indeed! They ne'er cared for us
Captain:
Captain:
Canst with thine eyes at once see good and evil,
Canst thou not speak? O traitors! murderers!
Canst thou demise to any child of mine?
Canst thou believe thy living is a life,
Cannot thy master sleep these tedious nights?
Cannot conclude but by the yea and no
Cannot choose but ever weep the friend.
Cannot but yield you forth to public thanks,
Cannot be!
Cannot be quiet scarce a breathing-while,
Cannot be mute,--or thought,--for cogitation
Cannot be cured by words; therefore be still.
Cannot a plain man live and think no harm,
Canker'd with peace, to part your canker'd hate:
Cancel his bond of life, dear God, I prey,
Can wash the balm off from an anointed king;
Can vengeance be pursued further than death?
Can tie the gall up in the slanderous tongue?
Can this dark monarchy afford false Clarence?'
Can this be so? did Angelo so leave her?
Can thereto frame his spirit.
Can speak like us: then wisely, good sir, weigh
Can sick men play so nicely with their names?
Can set the duke up in despite of me.
Can send his brother: and, but infirmity
Can pluck the diadem from faint Henry's head,
Can pierce a complete bosom. Why I desire thee
Can no man tell me of my unthrifty son?
Can neither call it perfect day nor night.
Can make seem pleasing to her tender years?
Can lay on nature is a paradise
Can heaven be so envious?
Can gripe the sacred handle of our sceptre,
Can from his mother win the Duke of York,
Can do no more.
Can curses pierce the clouds and enter heaven?
Can clear me in't.
Can change their moons and bring their times about
Can censure 'scape; back-wounding calumny
Can be but brief; for I have made him know
Can arbitrate this cause betwixt us twain;
Can Oxford, that did ever fence the right,
Can I go forward when my heart is here?
Can I do this, and cannot get a crown?
Can I demand.
Camillo, this great sir will yet stay longer.
Camillo, sir; I spake with him; who now
Camillo was his help in this, his pander:
Camillo has betray'd me;
Camillo for the minister to poison
Camest thou by this ill tidings? speak, thou wretch.
Came to your court, how I was in your grace,
Came to this vault to die, and lie with Juliet.
Came to my tent; and every one did threat
Came to my tent, and cried on victory:
Came to me, as I follow'd Henry's corse,
Came short of composition, but in chief
Came on the part of York, press'd by his master;
Came more and more and fought on part and part,
Came he not home to-night?
Came I to take her from her kindred's vault;
Cambio!
Cambio is changed into Lucentio.
Calmly, I do beseech you.
Calls not your counsels, but our natural goodness
Call, good Mercutio.
Call't not a plot:
Call'd Katharina, fair and virtuous?
Call you me daughter? now, I promise you
Call up Lord Stanley, bid him bring his power:
Call thither all the officers o' the town,
Call this a lightning? O my love! my wife!
Call them forth.
Call them again, my lord, and accept their suit.
Call that same Isabel here once again; I would speak with her.
Call our cares fears; which will in time
Call me their traitor! Thou injurious tribune!
Call me but love, and I'll be new baptized;
Call it so.
Call it not patience, Gaunt; it is despair:
Call it a travel that thou takest for pleasure.
Call in the letters patent that he hath
Call home thy ancient thoughts from banishment
Call hither Barnardine and Claudio:
Call him my king by whose injurious doom
Call him a slanderous coward and a villain:
Call forth an officer.
Call forth Nathaniel, Joseph, Nicholas, Philip,
Call forth Bagot.
Call for some men of sound direction
Call all your tribes together, praise the gods,
Call Warwick patron and be penitent?
Call Peter, he will show thee where they are.
Call Edward king and at his hands beg mercy?
Call Coriolanus.
Caius Marcius.
Caius Marcius was
Caius Marcius Coriolanus!
Caesar? art thou led in triumph? What, is there
Caesar to you; in plain dealing, Pompey, I shall
CURTIS:
CURTIS:
CURTIS:
CURTIS:
CURTIS:
CURTIS:
CURTIS:
CURTIS:
CURTIS:
CURTIS:
CURTIS:
CURTIS:
CURTIS:
CURTIS:
CURTIS:
CURTIS:
CURTIS:
CURTIS:
CURTIS:
CURTIS:
CORIOLANUS:
CORIOLANUS:
CORIOLANUS:
CORIOLANUS:
CORIOLANUS:
CORIOLANUS:
CORIOLANUS:
CORIOLANUS:
CORIOLANUS:
CORIOLANUS:
CORIOLANUS:
CORIOLANUS:
CORIOLANUS:
CORIOLANUS:
CORIOLANUS:
CORIOLANUS:
CORIOLANUS:
CORIOLANUS:
CORIOLANUS:
CORIOLANUS:
CORIOLANUS:
CORIOLANUS:
CORIOLANUS:
CORIOLANUS:
CORIOLANUS:
CORIOLANUS:
CORIOLANUS:
CORIOLANUS:
CORIOLANUS:
CORIOLANUS:
CORIOLANUS:
CORIOLANUS:
CORIOLANUS:
CORIOLANUS:
CORIOLANUS:
CORIOLANUS:
CORIOLANUS:
CORIOLANUS:
CORIOLANUS:
CORIOLANUS:
CORIOLANUS:
CORIOLANUS:
CORIOLANUS:
CORIOLANUS:
CORIOLANUS:
CORIOLANUS:
CORIOLANUS:
CORIOLANUS:
CORIOLANUS:
CORIOLANUS:
CORIOLANUS:
CORIOLANUS:
CORIOLANUS:
CORIOLANUS:
CORIOLANUS:
CORIOLANUS:
CORIOLANUS:
CORIOLANUS:
CORIOLANUS:
CORIOLANUS:
CORIOLANUS:
CORIOLANUS:
CORIOLANUS:
CORIOLANUS:
CORIOLANUS:
CORIOLANUS:
CORIOLANUS:
CORIOLANUS:
CORIOLANUS:
CORIOLANUS:
CORIOLANUS:
CORIOLANUS:
CORIOLANUS:
CORIOLANUS:
CORIOLANUS:
CORIOLANUS:
CORIOLANUS:
CORIOLANUS:
CORIOLANUS:
CORIOLANUS:
CORIOLANUS:
CORIOLANUS:
CORIOLANUS:
CORIOLANUS:
CORIOLANUS:
CORIOLANUS:
CORIOLANUS:
CORIOLANUS:
CORIOLANUS:
CORIOLANUS:
CORIOLANUS:
CORIOLANUS:
CORIOLANUS:
CORIOLANUS:
CORIOLANUS:
CORIOLANUS:
CORIOLANUS:
CORIOLANUS:
CORIOLANUS:
CORIOLANUS:
CORIOLANUS:
CORIOLANUS:
CORIOLANUS:
CORIOLANUS:
CORIOLANUS:
CORIOLANUS:
CORIOLANUS:
CORIOLANUS:
CORIOLANUS:
CORIOLANUS:
CORIOLANUS:
CORIOLANUS:
CORIOLANUS:
CORIOLANUS:
CORIOLANUS:
CORIOLANUS:
CORIOLANUS:
CORIOLANUS:
CORIOLANUS:
CORIOLANUS:
CORIOLANUS:
CORIOLANUS:
CORIOLANUS:
CORIOLANUS:
CORIOLANUS:
CORIOLANUS:
CORIOLANUS:
CORIOLANUS:
CORIOLANUS:
CORIOLANUS:
CORIOLANUS:
CORIOLANUS:
CORIOLANUS:
CORIOLANUS:
CORIOLANUS:
CORIOLANUS:
CORIOLANUS:
CORIOLANUS:
CORIOLANUS:
CORIOLANUS:
CORIOLANUS:
CORIOLANUS:
CORIOLANUS:
CORIOLANUS:
CORIOLANUS:
CORIOLANUS:
CORIOLANUS:
CORIOLANUS:
CORIOLANUS:
COMINIUS:
COMINIUS:
COMINIUS:
COMINIUS:
COMINIUS:
COMINIUS:
COMINIUS:
COMINIUS:
COMINIUS:
COMINIUS:
COMINIUS:
COMINIUS:
COMINIUS:
COMINIUS:
COMINIUS:
COMINIUS:
COMINIUS:
COMINIUS:
COMINIUS:
COMINIUS:
COMINIUS:
COMINIUS:
COMINIUS:
COMINIUS:
COMINIUS:
COMINIUS:
COMINIUS:
COMINIUS:
COMINIUS:
COMINIUS:
COMINIUS:
COMINIUS:
COMINIUS:
COMINIUS:
COMINIUS:
COMINIUS:
COMINIUS:
COMINIUS:
COMINIUS:
COMINIUS:
COMINIUS:
COMINIUS:
COMINIUS:
COMINIUS:
COMINIUS:
COMINIUS:
COMINIUS:
COMINIUS:
COMINIUS:
COMINIUS:
COMINIUS:
COMINIUS:
COMINIUS:
COMINIUS:
COMINIUS:
COMINIUS:
COMINIUS:
COMINIUS:
COMINIUS:
COMINIUS:
COMINIUS:
COMINIUS:
COMINIUS:
COMINIUS:
COMINIUS:
COMINIUS:
COMINIUS:
CLIFFORD:
CLIFFORD:
CLIFFORD:
CLIFFORD:
CLIFFORD:
CLIFFORD:
CLIFFORD:
CLIFFORD:
CLIFFORD:
CLIFFORD:
CLIFFORD:
CLIFFORD:
CLIFFORD:
CLIFFORD:
CLIFFORD:
CLIFFORD:
CLIFFORD:
CLIFFORD:
CLIFFORD:
CLIFFORD:
CLIFFORD:
CLIFFORD:
CLIFFORD:
CLIFFORD:
CLIFFORD:
CLIFFORD:
CLIFFORD:
CLIFFORD:
CLIFFORD:
CLIFFORD:
CLIFFORD:
CLIFFORD:
CLIFFORD:
CLIFFORD:
CLIFFORD:
CLEOMENES:
CLEOMENES:
CLEOMENES:
CLEOMENES:
CLEOMENES:
CLEOMENES:
CLEOMENES:
CLEOMENES:
CLAUDIO:
CLAUDIO:
CLAUDIO:
CLAUDIO:
CLAUDIO:
CLAUDIO:
CLAUDIO:
CLAUDIO:
CLAUDIO:
CLAUDIO:
CLAUDIO:
CLAUDIO:
CLAUDIO:
CLAUDIO:
CLAUDIO:
CLAUDIO:
CLAUDIO:
CLAUDIO:
CLAUDIO:
CLAUDIO:
CLAUDIO:
CLAUDIO:
CLAUDIO:
CLAUDIO:
CLAUDIO:
CLAUDIO:
CLAUDIO:
CLAUDIO:
CLAUDIO:
CLAUDIO:
CLAUDIO:
CLAUDIO:
CLAUDIO:
CLAUDIO:
CLAUDIO:
CLARENCE:
CLARENCE:
CLARENCE:
CLARENCE:
CLARENCE:
CLARENCE:
CLARENCE:
CLARENCE:
CLARENCE:
CLARENCE:
CLARENCE:
CLARENCE:
CLARENCE:
CLARENCE:
CLARENCE:
CLARENCE:
CLARENCE:
CLARENCE:
CLARENCE:
CLARENCE:
CLARENCE:
CLARENCE:
CLARENCE:
CLARENCE:
CLARENCE:
CLARENCE:
CLARENCE:
CLARENCE:
CLARENCE:
CLARENCE:
CLARENCE:
CLARENCE:
CLARENCE:
CLARENCE:
CLARENCE:
CLARENCE:
CLARENCE:
CLARENCE:
CLARENCE:
CLARENCE:
CLARENCE:
CLARENCE:
CLARENCE:
CLARENCE:
CLARENCE:
CLARENCE:
CLARENCE:
CLARENCE:
CLARENCE:
CLARENCE:
CLARENCE:
CLARENCE:
CLARENCE:
CLARENCE:
CLARENCE:
CLARENCE:
CLARENCE:
CLARENCE:
CLARENCE:
CLARENCE:
CLARENCE:
CLARENCE:
CLARENCE:
CLARENCE:
CLARENCE:
CHRISTOPHER:
CHRISTOPHER:
CATESBY:
CATESBY:
CATESBY:
CATESBY:
CATESBY:
CATESBY:
CATESBY:
CATESBY:
CATESBY:
CATESBY:
CATESBY:
CATESBY:
CATESBY:
CATESBY:
CATESBY:
CATESBY:
CATESBY:
CATESBY:
CATESBY:
CATESBY:
CATESBY:
CATESBY:
CATESBY:
CATESBY:
CATESBY:
CATESBY:
CATESBY:
CATESBY:
CATESBY:
CATESBY:
CATESBY:
CARDINAL:
CARDINAL:
CAPULET:
CAPULET:
CAPULET:
CAPULET:
CAPULET:
CAPULET:
CAPULET:
CAPULET:
CAPULET:
CAPULET:
CAPULET:
CAPULET:
CAPULET:
CAPULET:
CAPULET:
CAPULET:
CAPULET:
CAPULET:
CAPULET:
CAPULET:
CAPULET:
CAPULET:
CAPULET:
CAPULET:
CAPULET:
CAPULET:
CAPULET:
CAPULET:
CAPULET:
CAPULET:
CAPULET:
CAPULET:
CAPULET:
CAPULET:
CAPULET:
CAPULET:
CAPULET:
CAPULET:
CAPULET:
CAPULET:
CAPULET:
CAPULET:
CAPULET:
CAPULET:
CAPULET:
CAPULET:
CAPULET:
CAPULET:
CAPULET:
CAPULET:
CAMILLO:
CAMILLO:
CAMILLO:
CAMILLO:
CAMILLO:
CAMILLO:
CAMILLO:
CAMILLO:
CAMILLO:
CAMILLO:
CAMILLO:
CAMILLO:
CAMILLO:
CAMILLO:
CAMILLO:
CAMILLO:
CAMILLO:
CAMILLO:
CAMILLO:
CAMILLO:
CAMILLO:
CAMILLO:
CAMILLO:
CAMILLO:
CAMILLO:
CAMILLO:
CAMILLO:
CAMILLO:
CAMILLO:
CAMILLO:
CAMILLO:
CAMILLO:
CAMILLO:
CAMILLO:
CAMILLO:
CAMILLO:
CAMILLO:
CAMILLO:
CAMILLO:
CAMILLO:
CAMILLO:
CAMILLO:
CAMILLO:
CAMILLO:
CAMILLO:
CAMILLO:
CAMILLO:
CAMILLO:
CAMILLO:
CAMILLO:
CAMILLO:
CAMILLO:
CAMILLO:
CAMILLO:
CAMILLO:
CAMILLO:
CAMILLO:
CAMILLO:
CAMILLO:
CAMILLO:
CAMILLO:
CAMILLO:
CAMILLO:
CAMILLO:
CAMILLO:
CAMILLO:
CAMILLO:
CAMILLO:
CAMILLO:
CAMILLO:
CAMILLO:
CAMILLO:
CALIBAN:
CALIBAN:
CALIBAN:
CALIBAN:
CALIBAN:
CALIBAN:
CAIUS MARCIUS CORIOLANUS! Bear
By'r lady, thirty years.
By your renouncement an immortal spirit,
By your own true affections, and that your minds,
By your firm promise: Gremio is out-vied.
By you unhappied and disfigured clean:
By yielding up thy body to my will;
By words or blows here let us win our right.
By wicked powers.
By whose direction found'st thou out this place?
By whom, Camillo?
By which he should revive: and even so
By what? by any other house or person?
By what safe means the crown may be recover'd.
By virtue specially to be achieved.
By vain though apt affection.
By us, a pair of kings. Let's from this place.
By us perform'd before. Most dearly welcome!
By urging me to fury: O, be gone!
By underhand corrupted foul injustice,
By thy dame Partlet here. Take up the bastard;
By throwing it on any other object
By those that know the very nerves of state,
By this, I hope, she hath a son for me.
By this we gather
By this time, had the king permitted us,
By this reckoning he is more shrew than she.
By this one bloody trial of sharp war.
By this hand, sir, his wife is a more respected
By this discovery lost. Be not uncertain;
By this at Dunsmore, marching hitherward.
By this at Daintry, with a puissant troop.
By this alliance to make void my suit:
By this account then Margaret may win him;
By this I challenge him to single fight.
By thinking on the frosty Caucasus?
By thinking on fantastic summer's heat?
By their own beauties; or, if love be blind,
By thee, old Capulet, and Montague,
By the woman's means?
By the vow of mine order I warrant you, if my
By the suggestion of the queen's allies;
By the pattern of mine own thoughts I cut out
By the northern blasts twice o'er.
By the king.
By the false faith of him I trusted most;
By the consent of all, we were establish'd
By the blood we have shed together, by the vows
By the apostle Paul, shadows to-night
By that false woman, as this king by thee.
By that fair sun which shows me where thou stand'st,
By that and all the rites of knighthood else,
By such invention as I can devise?
By such despair, I should accuse myself.
By strangling thee in her accursed womb
By spying and avoiding fortune's malice,
By sovereignty of nature. First he was
By some vile forfeit of untimely death.
By so receiving a dishonour'd life
By so much is the wonder in extremes.
By so much fills their hearts with deadly hate.
By silken, sly, insinuating Jacks?
By sight of what I have, your noble company.
By putting on the destined livery.
By playing it to me with so sour a face.
By pardoning Rutland, my transgressing boy.
By one that I'll procure to come to thee,
By nothing; for this is no oath:
By need and accident. What train?
By my white beard,
By my troth, it is well said; 'for himself to mar,'
By my troth, I'll go with thee to the lane's end:
By my regard, but kill'd none so. Camillo,--
By my heel, I care not.
By my head, here come the Capulets.
By my hand, I had thought to have strucken him with
By mingling them with us, the honour'd number,
By mine honesty,
By marrying her which I must reach unto.
By many hands your father was subdued;
By many an ounce--he dropp'd it for his country;
By love, who first did prompt me to inquire;
By living low, where fortune cannot hurt me,
By leaving earth? comfort me, counsel me.
By law and process of great nature thence
By lack of stooping,--
By its own visage: if I then deny it,
By interims and conveying gusts we have heard
By how much the estate is green and yet ungovern'd:
By holy marriage: when and where and how
By holy Paul, they love his grace but lightly
By holy Laurence to fall prostrate here,
By his great authority;
By his command
By his attorneys-general to sue
By him that made us all, I am resolved
By her, in his unlawful bed, he got
By her high forehead and her scarlet lip,
By her fine foot, straight leg and quivering thigh
By help of her more potent ministers
By heavens, the duke shall know how slack thou art!
By heaven, my heart is purged from grudging hate:
By heaven, fond wretch, thou knowist not what thou speak'st,
By heaven, brat, I'll plague ye for that word.
By heaven, I'll hate him everlastingly
By heaven, I will tear thee joint by joint
By heaven, I will not do thee so much ease.
By heaven, I will acquaint his majesty
By heaven, I think there's no man is secure
By heaven, I love thee better than myself;
By heaven, I come in perfect love to him;
By having him, making yourself no less.
By giving the house of Lancaster leave to breathe,
By giving liberty unto thine eyes;
By foul play, as thou say'st, were we heaved thence,
By flatterers; and what they will inform,
By fearing to attempt. Go to Lord Angelo,
By false intelligence, or wrong surmise,
By fair or foul means we must enter in,
By every syllable a faithful verity:
By envy's hand and murder's bloody axe.
By each particular star in heaven and
By drunken prophecies, libels and dreams,
By doing damned hate upon thyself?
By deed-achieving honour newly named,--
By cruel cruel thee quite overthrown!
By course of justice!
By cold gradation and well-balanced form,
By circumstance, to curse thy cursed self.
By circumstance, but to acquit myself.
By calmness or by absence: all's in anger.
By bud of nobler race: this is an art
By bare imagination of a feast?
By any understanding pate but thine?
By any other name would smell as sweet;
By any likelihood he show'd to-day?
By any in this presence, I desire
By and by.
By and by, I come:--
By all their influences, you may as well
By all the battles wherein we have fought,
By all of us, and the fair soul herself
By all my hopes, most falsely doth he lie.
By all external warrants, show it now,
By accident most strange, bountiful Fortune,
By a name
By a divine instinct men's minds mistrust
By Providence divine.
By Jupiter! forgot.
By Jove, 'twould be my mind!
By Him that raised me to this careful height
By God's fair ordinance conjoin together!
By Christ's dear blood shed for our grievous sins,
By Caius Marcius Coriolanus, whom
By Bushy, Bagot and their complices,
Buy lads, or else your lasses cry: Come buy.
Butchers and villains! bloody cannibals!
But, wrangling pedant, this is
But, worthy lords, have you with heed perused
But, with the first of all your chief affairs,
But, whiles he thought to steal the single ten,
But, wherefore, villain, didst thou kill my cousin?
But, to prevent the tyrant's violence,--
But, that I'll give my voice on Richard's side,
But, tell me, where is princely Richmond now?
But, tell me, is young George Stanley living?
But, sure, I fear, we shall ne'er win him to it.
But, stay: what news? Why comest thou in such post?
But, soft! what light through yonder window breaks?
But, soft! what day is this?
But, soft! here come my executioners.
But, soft! company is coming here.
But, so it is, it is not. Was this taken
But, sirs, be sudden in the execution,
But, sirrah, not for my sake, but your master's, I advise
But, sir, here comes your boy;
But, since it serves my purpose, I will venture
But, my good lord, your grace's word shall serve,
But, my daughter,
But, most of all, agreeing with the proclamation.
But, more of thy news?
But, mighty lord, this merry inclination
But, master mayor, if Henry be your king,
But, madam, where is Warwick then become?
But, lords, we hear this fearful tempest sing,
But, like dumb statues or breathing stones,
But, like a thrifty goddess, she determines
But, like a misbehaved and sullen wench,
But, leaving this, what is your grace's pleasure?
But, in the midst of this bright-shining day,
But, if thou be a king, where is thy crown?
But, hark, what noise?
But, gentle sir, methinks you walk like a stranger:
But, for your son,--believe it, O, believe it,
But, for those earthly faults, I quit them all;
But, for his purpose in the coronation.
But, ere they live, to end.
But, ere I go, Hastings and Montague,
But, as you will not wed, I'll pardon you:
But, as it were, an after-dinner's sleep,
But, as it seems, did violence on herself.
But, as I say, such as become a soldier,
But, as 'tis,
But, after all this fooling, I would not have it so.
But, Warwick, after God, thou set'st me free,
But, Warwick,
But, O, it presses to my memory,
But, God he knows, thy share thereof is small:
But, God be thank'd, there's no need of me,
But, Clifford, tell me, didst thou never hear
But youth in ladies' eyes that flourisheth.
But your petition
But your kind hostess. Come, I'll question you
But you, my noble lords, may name the time;
But you will take exceptions to my boon.
But you shall bear the burden soon at night.
But you must trouble him with lewd complaints.
But you have power in me as in a kinsman.
But you have all the vantage of her wrong.
But you gave leave to my unwilling tongue
But you are more inhuman, more inexorable,
But yet,--poor Claudio! There is no remedy.
But yet, you see how soon the day o'ercast.
But yet not stay, entreat me how you can.
But yet my caution was more pertinent
But yet hear this: mistake me not; no life,
But yet a brain that leads my use of anger
But yet I run before my horse to market:
But yesternight, my lord, she and that friar,
But woo her, gentle Paris, get her heart,
But with that surname; a good memory,
But with such words that are but rooted in
But with his last attempt he wiped it out;
But with her most vile principal, that she's
But with a rear-ward following Tybalt's death,
But with a lingering dram that should not work
But with a grain a day, I would not buy
But will you woo this wild-cat?
But who comes here? the new-deliver'd Hastings?
But who comes here?
But who comes here?
But whither shall we then?
But whether they be ta'en or slain we hear not.
But whether 'twas the coldness of the king,
But wherefore stay we? 'tis no time to talk.
But wherefore dost thou come? is't for my life?
But where unbruised youth with unstuff'd brain
But where to-morrow?  Well, all's one for that.
But where is Kate? where is my lovely bride?
But where is Kate? I stay too long from her:
But when your carters or your waiting-vassals
But when we saw our sunshine made thy spring,
But when they shall see, sir, his crest up again,
But when the duke is slain, they'll quickly fly.
But when he took a beggar to his bed,
But when he frown'd, it was against the French
But when goes this forward?
But when from under this terrestrial ball
But when extremities speak. I have heard you say,
But when I came, some minute ere the time
But what, o' God's name, doth become of this?
But what, is Catesby gone?
But what's the matter, Clarence?  may I know?
But what's his offence?
But what your jealousies awake, I tell you
But what thou art, God, thou, and I do know;
But what said Warwick to these injuries?
But what said Lady Bona to my marriage?
But what o' that? Go, you that banish'd him;
But what my power might else exact, like one
But what likelihood is in that?
But what it is, that is not yet known; what
But what is like me formerly.
But what he did being childish?
But what comes from myself, it shall scarce boot me
But what art thou, whose heavy looks foretell
But what a fool am I to chat with you,
But welcome, sweet Clarence; my daughter shall be thine.
But we will plant some other in the throne,
But we will drink together; and you shall bear
But we must win your grace to go with us
But was not this nigh shore?
But was a petty servant to the state,
But undergo this flight, make for Sicilia,
But twenty times so much upon my wife.
But trust me, gentleman, I'll prove more true
But tread the stranger paths of banishment.
But touch this sparingly, as 'twere far off,
But toiling desperately to find it out,--
But to your protestation; let me hear
But to the next highway, and there I left him.
But to the earth some special good doth give,
But to rejoice in splendor of mine own.
But to his foe supposed he must complain,
But to himself so secret and so close,
But to her love concerneth us to add
But to fine issues, nor Nature never lends
But to defend his person from night-foes?
But to confirm my curses! Could I meet 'em
But to command, to cheque, to o'erbear such
But to be rough, unswayable and free.
But to be frank, and give it thee again.
But time will not permit: all is uneven,
But till 'twere known!
But tie him not to be their bedfellow.
But thy unkindness shall his death draw out
But thus, I trust, you will not marry her.
But thus his simple truth must be abused
But thou with mildness entertain'st thy wooers,
But thou wilt be avenged on my misdeeds,
But thou the king. Woe doth the heavier sit,
But thou slew'st Tybalt; there are thou happy too:
But thou shouldst please me better, wouldst thou weep.
But thou shalt hear it: whistle then to me,
But thou preferr'st thy life before thine honour:
But thou didst kill my children.
But thou art not quickly moved to strike.
But thou art neither like thy sire nor dam;
But this most cruel usage of your queen,
But this is something odd.
But this being so, he's just.
But this I know, they have demean'd themselves
But think you, lords, that Clifford fled with them?
But thine doth fry.
But they can see a sort of traitors here.
But there's no remedy.
But then up farther, and as for as Rome;
But then more 'why?' why have they dared to march
But then a noise did scare me from the tomb;
But then I sigh; and, with a piece of scripture,
But then Aufidius was within my view,
But theirs is sweetened with the hope to have
But the true ground of all these piteous woes
But the safer when 'tis back'd with France.
But the respects thereof are nice and trivial,
But the rarity of it is,--which is indeed almost
But the queen's kindred and night-walking heralds
But the plain devil and dissembling looks,
But the law will not allow it, Pompey; nor it shall
But that's past doubt, you have, or your eye-glass
But that you have your father's bosom there
But that we enter, as into our dukedom?
But that to your sufficiency, as your Worth is able,
But that thy face is, vizard-like, unchanging,
But that thy brothers beat aside the point.
But that thou overheard'st, ere I was ware,
But that the sea, mounting to the welkin's cheek,
But that the next heir should succeed and reign.
But that the good mind of Camillo tardied
But that the extreme peril of the case,
But that still use of grief makes wild grief tame,
But that our soft conditions and our hearts
But that is lost for being Richard's friend,
But that his negligence, his folly, fear,
But that his beard grew thin and hungerly
But that he speaks.
But that a joy past joy calls out on me,
But that I was a journeyman to grief?
But that I seek occasion how to rise,
But that I do not.
But thankful even for hate, that is meant love.
But tell the traitor, in the high'st degree
But sweeter than the lids of Juno's eyes
But sup them well and look unto them all:
But sun it is not, when you say it is not;
But such as I, without your special pardon,
But such a day to-morrow as to-day,
But stop no wrinkle in his pilgrimage;
But stir not you till you have well determined
But stay, here come the gardeners:
But stay thee, 'tis the fruits of love I mean.
But stay a while: what company is this?
But speedily.
But sound the trumpets, and about our task.
But soft, but see, or rather do not see,
But so it must be, if the king miscarry.
But so it is, my haste doth call me hence,
But so is not she.
But smother'd it within my panting bulk,
But smacks of something greater than herself,
But slow in speech, yet sweet as spring-time flowers:
But since you teach me how to flatter you,
But since you come too late of our intents,
But since it would not, he had none of me.
But since he hath
But since correction lieth in those hands
But since I cannot, be it known to you
But shorten thy life one week. And thou, fresh piece
But she, your subject, loathes such sovereignty.
But she's best married that dies married young.
But she'll not stumble.
But shall you on your knowledge find this way?
But shall we wear these honours for a day?
But shall all our houses of resort in the suburbs be
But shall I live in hope?
But shall I go mourn for that, my dear?
But sever'd in a pale clear-shining sky.
But set his murdering knife unto the root
But send me Flavius first.
But send him back.
But self-affrighted tremble at his sin.
But seek revenge on Edward's mockery.
But see, while idly I stood looking on,
But see where Somerset and Clarence come!
But saying o'er what I have said before:
But say, what to thine old news?
But say, my lord, it were not register'd,
But say, is Warwick friends with Margaret?
But say, I pray, what nobleman is that
But sanctuary children ne'er till now.
But sadly tell me who.
But repetition of what thou hast marr'd;
But rather wishing a more strict restraint
But rather lose her to an African;
But quick and in mine arms. Come, take your flowers:
But purgatory, torture, hell itself.
But presently prevent the ways to wail.
But praying, to enrich his watchful soul:
But penetrable to your. kind entreats,
But passion lends them power, time means, to meet
But owe thy pride thyself.
But only they have privilege to live.
But only slaughter'd by the ireful arm
But only seeing, all other circumstances
But only hope:
But one, the wicked'st caitiff on the ground,
But one, poor one, one poor and loving child,
But one thing to rejoice and solace in,
But one that's here, and that's himself, for he
But one that scorn to live in this disguise,
But once before I spoke to the purpose: when?
But once a-day, it would unclog my heart
But on thy side I may not be too forward
But on his knees at meditation;
But old folks, many feign as they were dead;
But of the finer natures? by some severals
But of all, the burst
But now, my lord, what say you to my suit?
But now, I tell thee--keep it to thyself--
But now, Baptists, to your younger daughter:
But now you partly may perceive my mind.
But now two mirrors of his princely semblance
But now thy beauty is proposed my fee,
But now the blood of twenty thousand men
But now the Duke of Buckingham and I
But now mischance hath trod my title down,
But now I'll tell thee joyful tidings, girl.
But now I see this one is one too much,
But now I see our lances are but straws,
But now I know thy mind; thou dost suspect
But now 'tis odds beyond arithmetic;
But nothing spake in warrant from himself.
But nothing alter'd: what I was, I am;
But not, as I am, royal.
But not take in the mind.
But not possess'd it, and, though I am sold,
But not my griefs; still am I king of those.
But not deliver'd. O, hear me breathe my life
But not a minute, king, that thou canst give:
But none returns. For us to levy power
But none can cure their harms by wailing them.
But no more deep will I endart mine eye
But new struck nine.
But never once again turn back and fly.
But neither my good word nor princely favour:
But ne'er till now his scandal of retire.
But nature makes that mean: so, over that art
But my true love is grown to such excess
But my heart bleeds; and most accursed am I
But my entreaty too.
But my arrival and my wife's in safety
But much of grief shows still some want of wit.
But most himself, if he could see his shame.
But mine shall be a comfort to your age.
But milk my ewes and weep.
But might you do't, and do the world no wrong,
But meditating with two deep divines;
But march to London with our soldiers?
But mantled in your own.
But makes one pardon strong.
But make you ready your stiff bats and clubs:
But lusty, young, and cheerly drawing breath.
But love, fair looks and true obedience;
But love thee better than thou canst devise,
But love from love, toward school with heavy looks.
But look'd not on the poison of their hearts :
But look thou stay not till the watch be set,
But little vantage shall I reap thereby;
But little thinks we shall be of her council:
But like a foul mis-shapen stigmatic,
But let us hence, my sovereign, to provide
But let thy spiders, that suck up thy venom,
But let them measure us by what they will;
But let my trial be mine own confession:
But let me see: is this our foeman's face?
But let it rest. Now, Licio, to you:
But let him swear so, and he shall not stay,
But let him say so then, and let him go;
But leave it all to God. whither away?
But learn my lessons as I please myself.
But lately splinter'd, knit, and join'd together,
But knows he thinks that he knows Isabel's.
But know not how it went. My second joy
But kneels and holds up bands for fellowship,
But kill'd itself much sooner.
But keep our course, though the rough wind say no,
But judge you as you are? O, think on that;
But it proceeds or comes from them to you
But it confounds the breather. He should have lived,
But is your grace dead, my Lord of Somerset?
But is this true, sir?
But is there any?
But is it true? or else is it your pleasure,
But is he gracious in the people's eye?
But is four Volsces? none of you but is
But instruments of some more mightier member
But in your daughter's womb I bury them:
But in your bride you bury brotherhood.
But in what nature?
But in this troublous time what's to be done?
But in this kind to come, in braving arms,
But in the presence of the prioress:
But in the other's silence do I see
But in the night or in the time of war.
But in the loss of question,--that you, his sister,
But in the less foul profanation.
But in the balance of great Bolingbroke,
But in that crystal scales let there be weigh'd
But in all places else your master Lucentio.
But if your title to the crown be weak,
But if you mind to hold your true obedience,
But if you have a stomach, to't i' God's name:
But if you faint, as fearing to do so,
But if you ever chance to have a child,
But if thou, jealous, dost return to pry
But if it were, doubt not her care should be
But if black scandal or foul-faced reproach
But if an humble prayer may prevail,
But if I thrive, the gain of my attempt
But if I could, by Him that gave me life,
But how, is to be question'd; for I saw her,
But how prevail'd you?
But how or in what place I do not know.
But how long shall that title 'ever' last?
But how long fairly shall her sweet lie last?
But how is it that great Plantagenet
But how did you desire it should be made?
But his red colour hath forsook his cheeks.
But here she comes; and now, Petruchio, speak.
But here is Carlisle living, to abide
But heaven keeps his part in eternal life.
But heaven hath a hand in these events,
But hearts for the event.
But hear you.
But he, poor soul, by your first order died,
But he, my lord, is gone to Ravenspurgh,
But he, his own affections' counsellor,
But he's deceived; we are in readiness.
But he which bore my letter, Friar John,
But he must die to-morrow?
But have been waked by his timorous dreams.
But hast thou done thy errand to Baptista?
But had he died in the business, madam; how then?
But graciously to know I am no better.
But from deceit bred by necessity;
But from Lord Angelo by special charge.
But fresher than before: and, as thou badest me,
But for thy world enjoying but this land,
But for the sunset of my brother's son
But for the rest, you tell a pedigree
But for the concord of my state and time
But for some other reasons, my grave sir,
But for our trusty brother-in-law and the abbot,
But for our hearts, he knows no more of mine,
But for my daughter Katharina, this I know,
But for my brother not a man would speak,
But for my bonny Kate, she must with me.
But for his own; and for the right of that
But for a kingdom any oath may be broken:
But follow me, and Edward shall be ours.
But first I'll turn yon fellow in his grave;
But first I'll do my errand. The good queen,
But few,
But fettle your fine joints 'gainst Thursday next,
But fetter you till death.
But felt a fever of the mad and play'd
But faults so countenanced, that the strong statutes
But far unfit to be a sovereign.
But fair posterity, should hold some counsel
But every man betake him to his legs.
But ever see that man!
But ere the crown he looks for live in peace,
But ere sunset I'll make thee curse the deed.
But ere I last received the sacrament
But empty lodgings and unfurnish'd walls,
But dust was thrown upon his sacred head:
But durst not tempt a minister of honour,
But dreadful war shall answer his demand.
But doth suffer a sea-change
But doth rebate and blunt his natural edge
But do you hear, sir? have you married my daughter
But do not like to stage me to their eyes:
But do not break your oaths; for of that sin
But didst thou see them dead?
But did you not request to have it cut?
But did you never swear, and break an oath?
But did I never speak of all that time?
But death hath snatch'd my husband from mine arms,
But dead, thy kingdom cannot buy my breath.
But dead they are, and devilish slave, by thee.
But come, young waverer, come, go with me,
But come, my lord; and with a heavy heart,
But come, my lord, let us away.
But chiefly to take thence from her dead finger
But cheerly seek how to redress their harms.
But certainly a maid.
But canst thou guess that he doth aim at it?
But cannot make my heart consent to take
But can you, if you would?
But by your voices, will not so permit me;
But by thy help to this distressed queen?
But by the robbing of the banish'd duke.
But by some unlook'd accident cut off!
But by his mother was perforce withheld.
But by fair sequence and succession?
But by bad courses may be understood
But by and by comes back to Romeo,
But buckle with thee blows, twice two for one.
But bloody with the enemies of his kin.
But blessedly holp hither.
But beg one favour at thy gracious hand,
But be thou arm'd for some unhappy words.
But be it as it may: I here entail
But basely yielded upon compromise
But at this instant he is sick my lord,
But as you shake off one to take another;
But as we stand in fear,--
But as this title honours me and mine,
But as the unthought-on accident is guilty
But as successively from blood to blood,
But as a discontented friend, grief-shot
But as I come, I come for Lancaster.
But art thou not advised, he took some care
But are they, Ariel, safe?
But all so soon as the all-cheering sun
But all in vain; they had no heart to fight,
But after many ceremonies done,
But a harsh hearing when women are froward.
But a hare that is hoar
But Warwick's king is Edward's prisoner:
But Tuesday night last gone in's garden-house
But Thomas, my dear lord, my life, my Gloucester,
But Romeo's name speaks heavenly eloquence.
But Romeo may not; he is banished:
But Romeo may not: more validity,
But O, thy wife!
But O, the thorns we stand upon! Camillo,
But O! the devil'--there the villain stopp'd
But Montague is bound as well as I,
But Kate, the prettiest Kate in Christendom
But I, who never knew how to entreat,
But I, that am not shaped for sportive tricks,
But I, a maid, die maiden-widowed.
But I'll be hanged, sir, if he wear your livery:
But I'll amerce you with so strong a fine
But I'll acquaint our duteous citizens
But I'ld say he had not,
But I will write again to Mantua,
But I will watch you from such watching now.
But I will sort a pitchy day for thee;
But I will keep her ignorant of her good,
But I will have them, if I once know where.
But I will charm him first to keep his tongue.
But I shall live, my lord, to give them thanks
But I shall laugh at this a twelve-month hence,
But I shall grieve you to report the rest.
But I say there is no hope in't: our throats are
But I return his sworn and mortal foe:
But I know none, and therefore am no beast.
But I hear, no; they say my son of York
But I have reasons strong and forcible.
But I have cause to pry into this pedant:
But I had rather kill two enemies.
But I fear
But I disdain'd it, and did scorn to fly:
But I can give thee more:
But I bethink me what a weary way
But I am doubtful of your modesties;
But Hercules himself must yield to odds;
But Henry now shall wear the English crown,
But He, that hath the steerage of my course,
But Barnardine must die this afternoon:
But 'twas thy heavenly face that set me on.
But 'twas thy beauty that provoked me.
But 'twas ere I was born.
But 'tis usurp'd: alack the heavy day,
But 'tis no wit to go.
But 'banished' to kill me?--'banished'?
Business, my lord! I think most understand
Bushy, what news?
Bushy and Green, I will not vex your souls--
Bury with those that wore them, these base slaves,
Burn hotter than my faith.
Bum, sir.
Bugle bracelet, necklace amber,
Buckingham's army is dispersed and scatter'd;
Bruised underneath the yoke of tyranny,
Brought up as best becomes a gentlewoman:
Brought to this shore; and by my prescience
Brought hither Henry Hereford thy bold son,
Brothers, you muse what chat we two have had.
Brother, we will proclaim you out of hand:
Brother, we done deeds of charity;
Brother, though I be youngest, give me leave.
Brother, thou shalt to London presently,
Brother, this is Sir John Montgomery,
Brother, the time and case requireth haste:
Brother, good day; what means this armed guard
Brother, give me thy hand; and, gentle Warwick,
Brother, farewell: I will unto the king;
Brother, I'll go and bring it thee.
Brother, I go; I'll win them, fear it not:
Brother of Gloucester, you mistake the matter.
Brother of Gloucester, at Saint Alban's field
Brother Petruchio, sister Katharina,
Broken his staff of office and dispersed
Broke the possession of a royal bed
Broach'd with the steely point of Clifford's lance;
Bring your army; but, I think, you'll find
Bring them to our embracement. Still, 'tis strange
Bring me to hear them speak, where I may be concealed.
Bring me my boots: I will unto the king.
Bring him his confessor, let him be prepared;
Bring forth these men.
Bring forth the parties of suspicion.
Bring forth the gallant, let us hear him speak.
Bring forth that fatal screech-owl to our house,
Brief sounds determine of my weal or woe.
Brief abstract and record of tedious days,
Bred his hopes out of.
Breathe you, my friends: well fought;
Breathe out invectives 'gainst the officers.
Breathe I against thee, upon pain of life.
Breaking his oath and resolution like
Break up the seals and read.
Break too.
Break ope the locks o' the senate and bring in
Break off thy song, and haste thee quick away:
Break off the parley; for scarce I can refrain
Braved in mine own house with a skein of thread?
Brave warriors, march amain towards Coventry.
Brave warriors, Clifford and Northumberland,
Brave followers, yonder stands the thorny wood,
Brags of his substance, not of ornament:
Brach Merriman, the poor cur is emboss'd;
Boy:
Boy:
Boy:
Boy:
Boy:
Boy:
Boy:
Boy, this shall not excuse the injuries
Boy, let me see the writing.
Boy!
Bourn, bound of land, tilth, vineyard, none;
Bound with triumphant garlands will I come
Bound with an oath to yield to his conditions:
Bound to himself! what doth he with a bond
Bound sadly home for Naples,
Bound by my charity and my blest order,
Both:
Both:
Both:
Both:
Both:
Both:
Both, both, my girl:
Both you and I; for Romeo is exiled:
Both who he is and why he cometh hither
Both tugging to be victors, breast to breast,
Both to defend my loyalty and truth
Both to defend himself and to approve
Both thanks and use. But I do bend my speech
Both our inventions meet and jump in one.
Both of one horse?
Both in your form and nobleness of mind;
Both him and all his brothers unto reason.
Both have I spill'd; O would the deed were good!
Both full of truth, I make King Lewis behold
Both from thy table, Henry, and thy bed,
Both field and city ours, he never stood
Both disobedience and ingratitude
Both dame and servant; welcomed all, served all;
Both by myself and many other friends:
Both Tribunes:
Both Tribunes:
Both Tribunes:
Both Tribunes:
Both Citizens:
Born in Verona, old Antonio's son:
Bores through his castle wall, and farewell king!
Bore us some leagues to sea; where they prepared
Bore many gentlemen, myself being one,
Bootless is flight, they follow us with wings;
Bootless are plaints, and cureless are my wounds;
Bondage is hoarse, and may not speak aloud;
Bolingbroke!'
Boldly, at least. But, O, poor souls,
Boldly 'not guilty;' the imposition clear'd
Bolder, though not so subtle. My valour's poison'd
Bold, quick, ingenious, forward, capable
Bohemia stops his ears, and threatens them
Bohemia stays here longer.
Bohemia greets you from himself by me;
Boatswain:
Boatswain:
Boatswain:
Boatswain:
Boatswain:
Boatswain:
Boatswain:
Boatswain:
Boatswain:
Boatswain:
Boatswain!
Blush, Blush, thou lump of foul deformity;
Blush that the world goes well, who rather had,
Blue, my lord.
Blubbering and weeping, weeping and blubbering.
Blows you to Padua here from old Verona?
Blown with the windy tempest of my heart,
Bloody with spurring, fiery-red with haste.
Bloody thou art, bloody will be thy end;
Blister'd be thy tongue
Bliss be upon you! Tell me, good my friend,
Bliss and goodness on you!
Blind with the pin and web but theirs, theirs only,
Blind sight, dead life, poor mortal living ghost,
Blind is his love and best befits the dark.
Blessed be your royal grace!
Bless'd his three sons with his victorious arm,
Bless me from marrying a usurer!
Blemish'd his gracious dam: this is not, no,
Black night o'ershade thy day, and death thy life!
Black and portentous must this humour prove,
Bishop, farewell: shield thee from Warwick's frown;
Bishop of Exeter, his brother there,
Biondello, what of that?
Bight Phoebus in his strength--a malady
Bids't thou me rage? why, now thou hast thy wish:
Bidding the law make court'sy to their will:
Bid them wash their faces
Bid them repair to the market place; where I,
Bid them home:
Bid them come near.
Bid them all home; he's gone, and we'll no further.
Bid my guard watch; leave me.
Bid me farewell.
Bid me farewell, and smile. I pray you, come.
Bid him shed tears, as being overjoy'd
Bid him repair to us to Ely House
Bid him not fear the separated councils
Bid her send me presently a thousand pound:
Bid her devise
Bid a sick man in sadness make his will:
Bid Gloucester think of this, and he will weep.
Bianca, stand aside. Poor girl! she weeps.
Bianca's grief.
Beyond the mark of others: our then dictator,
Betwixt thy begging and my meditation.
Betwixt the prince and beggar: I have said
Betwixt the Duke of Gloucester and your brothers,
Betwixt myself and her; which was broke off,
Between you 'greed concerning her observance?
Between these swelling wrong-incensed peers.
Between their births.
Between the child and parent.
Bettering thy loss makes the bad causer worse:
Better once than never, for never too late.
Better it were they all came by the father,
Better it were a brother died at once,
Better it is to die, better to starve,
Better far off than near, be ne'er the near.
Better do so than tarry and be hang'd.
Better be held nor more attain'd than by
Betroth'd and would have married her perforce
Betid to any creature in the vessel
Bestride the rock; the tide will wash you off,
Bestride my threshold. Why, thou Mars! I tell thee,
Best fitteth my degree or your condition
Bespake them thus: 'I thank you, countrymen:'
Besides, you know, it draws something near to the
Besides, upon the very siege of justice
Besides, this place is famous for the creatures
Besides, the king's name is a tower of strength,
Besides, our nearness to the king in love
Besides, old Gremio is hearkening still;
Besides, if things go well,
Besides, he tells me that, if peradventure
Besides, he says there are two councils held;
Besides, he hates me for my father Warwick;
Besides, I heard the banish'd Norfolk say
Besides two thousand ducats by the year
Besides himself, are all the English peers,
Besides I say and will in battle prove,
Beside, so qualified as may beseem
Beshrew your heart for sending me about,
Beshrew thee, cousin, which didst lead me forth
Beshrew me, but his passion moves me so
Beseeching thee, if with they will it stands
Beseech your highness, give us better credit:
Beseech your highness, call the queen again.
Beseech you,--
Beseech you, tribunes, hear me but a word.
Beseech you, tenderly apply to her
Beseech you, sir, were you present at this relation?
Beseech you, sir, be merry; you have cause,
Beseech you, give me leave to retire myself.
Beseech you, father.
Bereft and gelded of his patrimony.
Bequeath to death your numbness, for from him
Benvolio, who began this bloody fray?
Benefactors? Well; what benefactors are they? are
Benedicite!
Beneath abhorring. What would you have, you curs,
Bend thoughts and wits to achieve her. Thus it stands:
Below their cobbled shoes. They say there's
Below the beam of sight, yet will I still
Beloved of me; and that my deeds shall prove.
Belonging to a man. O, be some other name!
Belike, some noble gentleman that means,
Belike you mean to make a puppet of me.
Belike the elder; Clarence will have the younger.
Belike she minds to play the Amazon.
Believe't not lightly--though I go alone,
Believe this crack to be in my dread mistress,
Believe not that the dribbling dart of love
Believe me, thou talkest of an admirable conceited
Believe me, this may be: he promised to meet me two
Believe me, sister, of all the men alive
Believe me, sir, they butt together well.
Believe me, on mine honour,
Believe me, noble lord,
Believe me, love, it was the nightingale.
Believe me, lord, I think he cannot choose.
Believe me, I speak as my understanding instructs me
Being well arrived from Delphos, are both landed,
Being vex'd a sea nourish'd with lovers' tears:
Being the time the potion's force should cease.
Being the right idea of your father,
Being tasted, slays all senses with the heart.
Being spoke behind your back, than to your face.
Being so great, I have no need to beg.
Being purged, a fire sparkling in lovers' eyes;
Being pent from liberty, as I am now,
Being our kinsman, if we revel much:
Being once perfected how to grant suits,
Being once gangrened, is not then respected
Being now awake, I'll queen it no inch farther,
Being nothing like the noble duke my father:
Being ne'er so little urged, another way
Being naked, sick, nor fane nor Capitol,
Being moved, he will not spare to gird the gods.
Being loose, unfirm, with digging up of graves,
Being in night, all this is but a dream,
Being holiday, the beggar's shop is shut.
Being held a foe, he may not have access
Being criminal, in double violation
Being counted falsehood, shall, as I express it,
Being come to knowledge that there was complaint
Being capable of all ill! I pitied thee,
Being but heavy, I will bear the light.
Being black put us in mind they hide the fair;
Being banish'd for't, he came unto my hearth;
Being all this time abandon'd from your bed.
Being a murderer, though he were my brother.
Being a divine, a ghostly confessor,
Being a bark to brook no mighty sea,
Being a Volsce, be that I am. Condition!
Behold, these are the tribunes of the people,
Behold, behold. where Madam Mitigation comes! I
Behold this pattern of thy butcheries.
Behold this maid: all corners else o' the earth
Behold our patroness, the life of Rome!
Behold our human actions, as they do,
Behind the tuft of pines I met them; never
Behind the globe, that lights the lower world,
Begun to tell me what I am, but stopp'd
Beguiled, divorced, wronged, spited, slain!
Begot of nothing but vain fantasy,
Beggars, that come unto my father's door,
Beget your happiness, be happy then,
Began to scold and raise up such a storm
Beg pardon of the prince, and call thee back
Before-time seen him thus.
Before you punish him, where he heard this,
Before you had worn it out.
Before you find it other. All the regions
Before you answer Warwick. His demand
Before we proceed any further, hear me speak.
Before thy sovereign and thy lawful king?
Before thy coming Lewis was Henry's friend.
Before this out-dared dastard? Ere my tongue
Before this ancient sir, who, it should seem,
Before the times of change, still is it so:
Before the time be out? no more!
Before the tag return? whose rage doth rend
Before the expiration of thy time,
Before the duke, and to the head of Angelo
Before the common distribution, at
Before sunrising, lest his son George fall
Before so noble and so great a figure
Before his sister should her body stoop
Before her troth-plight: say't and justify't.
Before he should thus stoop to the herd, but that
Before and in Corioli, let me say,
Before a true and lawful magistrate,
Before King Richard in his royal lists?
Before I would have granted to that act.
Before I see thee seated in that throne
Before I positively herein:
Before I make reply to aught you say.
Before I have shook off the regal thoughts
Before I have a husband for the elder:
Before I freely speak my mind herein,
Before I be convict by course of law,
Been publicly accused, so shall she have
Been both at Delphos, and from thence have brought
Becomes your enemy, for mocking him
Becomes not Rome, nor has Coriolanus
Becomes more mock'd than fear'd; so our decrees,
Becomes it thee to be thus bold in terms
Becomes as aged, and doth beg the alms
Becomes a woman best; I'll take't upon me:
Become your time of day; and yours, and yours,
Become them with one half so good a grace
Become some women best, so that there be not
Because, my lord, we would have had you heard
Because your lordship was proclaimed traitor.
Because you talk of pride now,--will you not be angry?
Because you know, my lord, my mother lives.
Because we thought ourself thy lawful king:
Because we see it; but what we do not see
Because we ever have been near the king.
Because thy father Henry did usurp;
Because they have been still mine enemies:
Because their breaths with sweetmeats tainted are:
Because that, like a Jack, thou keep'st the stroke
Because that now it lies you on to speak
Because that I am little, like an ape,
Because sweet flowers are slow and weeds make haste.
Because so well I love Lucentio.
Because she will not be annoy'd with suitors.
Because she brought stone jugs and no seal'd quarts:
Because my power is weak and all ill left:
Because my name is George.
Because it is an enemy to thee;
Because in quarrel of the house of York
Because his painted skin contents the eye?
Because his fathers are more beautiful?
Because he would avoid such bitter taunts
Because he married me before to Romeo?
Because authority, though it err like others,
Because a bard of Ireland told me once
Because I will be guiltless of the meaning.
Because I know you well and love you well,
Because I cannot flatter and speak fair,
Because I am the store-house and the shop
Became two spouts: the fury spent, anon
Became a bull, and bellow'd; the green Neptune
Beauty too rich for use, for earth too dear!
Beautiful tyrant! fiend angelical!
Beating your officers, cursing yourselves,
Beat thou the drum, that it speak mournfully:
Bears a command in't; though thy tackle's torn.
Bearing their own misfortunes on the back
Bearing the king in my behalf along;
Bearing a Tartar's painted bow of lath,
Bear with me; I am hungry for revenge,
Bear with her weakness, which, I think proceeds
Bear the boy hence; he shall not come about her;
Bear me to prison, where I am committed.
Bear him to the rock Tarpeian, and from thence
Bear her my true love's kiss; and so, farewell.
Bear hence this body and attend our will:
Bear from hence his body;
Be-mock the modest moon.
Be you then as the people's officer.
Be you content, fair maid;
Be you beneath the sky.
Be yoked with his that did betray the Best!
Be valiant and give signal to the fight.
Be to thy person, noble father-in-law!
Be thus to them.
Be thou so too; and so break off your talk,
Be thou revenged on men, and let me live.
Be thou a prey unto the house of York,
Be thereat glean'd, for all the sun sees or
Be the jacks fair within, the jills fair without,
Be the attorney of my love to her:
Be taken from the people.
Be swift like lightning in the execution;
Be such a gosling to obey instinct, but stand,
Be stamp'd upon it.
Be sometime honour'd for his burning throne!
Be so received. But thus: if powers divine
Be so perfidious!--he whom next thyself
Be singly counterpoised. At sixteen years,
Be shrived and married. Here is for thy pains.
Be she as foul as was Florentius' love,
Be sent for, to return from France with speed;
Be satisfied, dear God, with our true blood,
Be sacrificed, some hour before his time,
Be rush'd upon! Thy thrice noble cousin
Be ruled by me, forget to think of her.
Be ruled by him.
Be round impaled with a glorious crown.
Be resident in men like one another
Be rein'd again to temperance; then he speaks
Be ready, as your lives shall answer it,
Be ready, Claudio, for your death tomorrow.
Be ready to direct these home alarms.
Be quiet, or--More light, more light! For shame!
Be plainer with me; let me know my trespass
Be plain, good son, and homely in thy drift;
Be plain, Queen Margaret, and tell thy grief;
Be pitiful, dread lord, and grant it then.
Be pilot to me and thy places shall
Be perfect.
Be perdurably fined? O Isabel!
Be patient; to-morrow 't shall be mended,
Be patient, they are friends, Ratcliff and Lovel.
Be patient, gentlemen; I choose her for myself:
Be patient, gentle queen, and I will stay.
Be patient, gentle Earl of Westmoreland.
Be patient, for the world is broad and wide.
Be opposite all planets of good luck
Be of good cheer: mother, how fares your grace?
Be of comfort;
Be not you spoke with, but by mighty suit:
Be not thyself; for how art thou a king
Be not ta'en tardy by unwise delay.
Be not so long to speak; I long to die,
Be not so hot; the duke
Be not so hasty to confound my meaning:
Be not her maid, since she is envious;
Be not as common fools; if you are not,
Be merry, for our time of stay is short
Be merry, Kate. Some water, here; what, ho!
Be mad and merry, or go hang yourselves:
Be left her to perform. Come, follow us;
Be known when 'tis brought forth.
Be judged by subject and inferior breath,
Be it with resolution then to fight.
Be it so; go back: the virtue of your name
Be it lawful that I invocate thy ghost,
Be it forbid, my lord!
Be it as your wisdom will.
Be intelligent to me: 'tis thereabouts;
Be hostages for Rome.
Be his own carver and cut out his way,
Be held by you denials. Do not bid me
Be heap'd like mine and that thy skill be more
Be he unto me! this do I beg of God,
Be he the fire, I'll be the yielding water:
Be grafted to your relish. Yet welcome, warriors:
Be gone;
Be free as is the wind. Deliver him, Titus.
Be executed in his father's sight.
Be executed by nine to-morrow morning:
Be every man himself?
Be eloquent in my behalf to her.
Be curses to yourselves? You should have said
Be confident to speak, Northumberland:
Be collected:
Be certain what you do, sir, lest your justice
Be calm, be calm.
Be call'd your vanquisher.
Be brief, lest that be process of thy kindness
Be bride to you, if you this assurance;
Be born another such.
Be blind with tears, and break o'ercharged with grief.
Be blamed for't how you might.
Be an arch-villain; believe it, royal prince:
Be advised.
Be absolute for death; either death or life
Be York the next that must be bankrupt so!
Be Mowbray's sins so heavy in his bosom,
Be Duke of Lancaster; let him be king.
Bate, I beseech you, widow Dido.
Bastards and all.
Basta; content thee, for I have it full.
Basins and ewers to lave her dainty hands;
Base, fearful and despairing Henry!
Base men by his endowments are made great.
Barkloughly castle call they this at hand?
Barely in title, not in revenue.
Bareheaded, lower than his proud steed's neck,
Baptista is a noble gentleman,
Banished, sir.
Banish'd this frail sepulchre of our flesh,
Banish'd the new-made bridegroom from the city,
Banish us both and send the king with me.
Balm his foul head in warm distilled waters
Balk logic with acquaintance that you have
Bagot, forbear; thou shalt not take it up.
Bade me rely on him as on my father,
Bad news, my lord: Ely is fled to Richmond;
Bad news, by'r lady; seldom comes the better:
Bad is the world; and all will come to nought,
Back, foolish tears, back to your native spring;
Back'd by the power of Warwick, that false peer,
Back to the Duke of Gloucester, tell him so.
Baccare! you are marvellous forward.
BUSHY:
BUSHY:
BUSHY:
BUSHY:
BUSHY:
BUSHY:
BUSHY:
BUSHY:
BUSHY:
BUSHY:
BUSHY:
BUSHY:
BUSHY:
BUCKINGHAM:
BUCKINGHAM:
BUCKINGHAM:
BUCKINGHAM:
BUCKINGHAM:
BUCKINGHAM:
BUCKINGHAM:
BUCKINGHAM:
BUCKINGHAM:
BUCKINGHAM:
BUCKINGHAM:
BUCKINGHAM:
BUCKINGHAM:
BUCKINGHAM:
BUCKINGHAM:
BUCKINGHAM:
BUCKINGHAM:
BUCKINGHAM:
BUCKINGHAM:
BUCKINGHAM:
BUCKINGHAM:
BUCKINGHAM:
BUCKINGHAM:
BUCKINGHAM:
BUCKINGHAM:
BUCKINGHAM:
BUCKINGHAM:
BUCKINGHAM:
BUCKINGHAM:
BUCKINGHAM:
BUCKINGHAM:
BUCKINGHAM:
BUCKINGHAM:
BUCKINGHAM:
BUCKINGHAM:
BUCKINGHAM:
BUCKINGHAM:
BUCKINGHAM:
BUCKINGHAM:
BUCKINGHAM:
BUCKINGHAM:
BUCKINGHAM:
BUCKINGHAM:
BUCKINGHAM:
BUCKINGHAM:
BUCKINGHAM:
BUCKINGHAM:
BUCKINGHAM:
BUCKINGHAM:
BUCKINGHAM:
BUCKINGHAM:
BUCKINGHAM:
BUCKINGHAM:
BUCKINGHAM:
BUCKINGHAM:
BUCKINGHAM:
BUCKINGHAM:
BUCKINGHAM:
BUCKINGHAM:
BUCKINGHAM:
BUCKINGHAM:
BUCKINGHAM:
BUCKINGHAM:
BUCKINGHAM:
BUCKINGHAM:
BUCKINGHAM:
BUCKINGHAM:
BUCKINGHAM:
BUCKINGHAM:
BUCKINGHAM:
BUCKINGHAM:
BUCKINGHAM:
BUCKINGHAM:
BUCKINGHAM:
BUCKINGHAM:
BUCKINGHAM:
BUCKINGHAM:
BUCKINGHAM:
BUCKINGHAM:
BUCKINGHAM:
BUCKINGHAM:
BUCKINGHAM:
BUCKINGHAM:
BUCKINGHAM:
BUCKINGHAM:
BUCKINGHAM:
BUCKINGHAM:
BUCKINGHAM:
BUCKINGHAM:
BUCKINGHAM:
BRUTUS:
BRUTUS:
BRUTUS:
BRUTUS:
BRUTUS:
BRUTUS:
BRUTUS:
BRUTUS:
BRUTUS:
BRUTUS:
BRUTUS:
BRUTUS:
BRUTUS:
BRUTUS:
BRUTUS:
BRUTUS:
BRUTUS:
BRUTUS:
BRUTUS:
BRUTUS:
BRUTUS:
BRUTUS:
BRUTUS:
BRUTUS:
BRUTUS:
BRUTUS:
BRUTUS:
BRUTUS:
BRUTUS:
BRUTUS:
BRUTUS:
BRUTUS:
BRUTUS:
BRUTUS:
BRUTUS:
BRUTUS:
BRUTUS:
BRUTUS:
BRUTUS:
BRUTUS:
BRUTUS:
BRUTUS:
BRUTUS:
BRUTUS:
BRUTUS:
BRUTUS:
BRUTUS:
BRUTUS:
BRUTUS:
BRUTUS:
BRUTUS:
BRUTUS:
BRUTUS:
BRUTUS:
BRUTUS:
BRUTUS:
BRUTUS:
BRUTUS:
BRUTUS:
BRUTUS:
BRUTUS:
BRUTUS:
BRUTUS:
BRUTUS:
BRUTUS:
BRUTUS:
BRUTUS:
BRUTUS:
BRUTUS:
BRUTUS:
BRUTUS:
BRUTUS:
BRUTUS:
BRUTUS:
BRUTUS:
BRUTUS:
BRUTUS:
BRUTUS:
BRUTUS:
BRUTUS:
BRUTUS:
BRUTUS:
BRUTUS:
BRUTUS:
BRUTUS:
BRUTUS:
BRUTUS:
BRUTUS:
BRUTUS:
BRUTUS:
BRUTUS:
BRAKENBURY:
BRAKENBURY:
BRAKENBURY:
BRAKENBURY:
BRAKENBURY:
BRAKENBURY:
BRAKENBURY:
BRAKENBURY:
BRAKENBURY:
BRAKENBURY:
BRAKENBURY:
BRAKENBURY:
BRAKENBURY:
BRAKENBURY:
BRAKENBURY:
BRAKENBURY:
BONA:
BONA:
BONA:
BONA:
BLUNT:
BLUNT:
BLUNT:
BISHOP OF ELY:
BISHOP OF ELY:
BISHOP OF ELY:
BISHOP OF ELY:
BISHOP OF ELY:
BISHOP OF ELY:
BISHOP OF CARLISLE:
BISHOP OF CARLISLE:
BISHOP OF CARLISLE:
BISHOP OF CARLISLE:
BISHOP OF CARLISLE:
BISHOP OF CARLISLE:
BIONDELLO:
BIONDELLO:
BIONDELLO:
BIONDELLO:
BIONDELLO:
BIONDELLO:
BIONDELLO:
BIONDELLO:
BIONDELLO:
BIONDELLO:
BIONDELLO:
BIONDELLO:
BIONDELLO:
BIONDELLO:
BIONDELLO:
BIONDELLO:
BIONDELLO:
BIONDELLO:
BIONDELLO:
BIONDELLO:
BIONDELLO:
BIONDELLO:
BIONDELLO:
BIONDELLO:
BIONDELLO:
BIONDELLO:
BIONDELLO:
BIONDELLO:
BIONDELLO:
BIONDELLO:
BIONDELLO:
BIONDELLO:
BIONDELLO:
BIONDELLO:
BIONDELLO:
BIONDELLO:
BIONDELLO:
BIONDELLO:
BIONDELLO:
BIONDELLO:
BIANCA:
BIANCA:
BIANCA:
BIANCA:
BIANCA:
BIANCA:
BIANCA:
BIANCA:
BIANCA:
BIANCA:
BIANCA:
BIANCA:
BIANCA:
BIANCA:
BIANCA:
BIANCA:
BIANCA:
BIANCA:
BIANCA:
BIANCA:
BIANCA:
BIANCA:
BIANCA:
BIANCA:
BIANCA:
BIANCA:
BIANCA:
BIANCA:
BIANCA:
BENVOLIO:
BENVOLIO:
BENVOLIO:
BENVOLIO:
BENVOLIO:
BENVOLIO:
BENVOLIO:
BENVOLIO:
BENVOLIO:
BENVOLIO:
BENVOLIO:
BENVOLIO:
BENVOLIO:
BENVOLIO:
BENVOLIO:
BENVOLIO:
BENVOLIO:
BENVOLIO:
BENVOLIO:
BENVOLIO:
BENVOLIO:
BENVOLIO:
BENVOLIO:
BENVOLIO:
BENVOLIO:
BENVOLIO:
BENVOLIO:
BENVOLIO:
BENVOLIO:
BENVOLIO:
BENVOLIO:
BENVOLIO:
BENVOLIO:
BENVOLIO:
BENVOLIO:
BENVOLIO:
BENVOLIO:
BENVOLIO:
BENVOLIO:
BENVOLIO:
BENVOLIO:
BENVOLIO:
BENVOLIO:
BENVOLIO:
BENVOLIO:
BENVOLIO:
BENVOLIO:
BENVOLIO:
BENVOLIO:
BENVOLIO:
BENVOLIO:
BENVOLIO:
BENVOLIO:
BENVOLIO:
BENVOLIO:
BENVOLIO:
BENVOLIO:
BENVOLIO:
BENVOLIO:
BENVOLIO:
BENVOLIO:
BENVOLIO:
BENVOLIO:
BENVOLIO:
BARNARDINE:
BARNARDINE:
BARNARDINE:
BARNARDINE:
BARNARDINE:
BARNARDINE:
BARNARDINE:
BAPTISTA:
BAPTISTA:
BAPTISTA:
BAPTISTA:
BAPTISTA:
BAPTISTA:
BAPTISTA:
BAPTISTA:
BAPTISTA:
BAPTISTA:
BAPTISTA:
BAPTISTA:
BAPTISTA:
BAPTISTA:
BAPTISTA:
BAPTISTA:
BAPTISTA:
BAPTISTA:
BAPTISTA:
BAPTISTA:
BAPTISTA:
BAPTISTA:
BAPTISTA:
BAPTISTA:
BAPTISTA:
BAPTISTA:
BAPTISTA:
BAPTISTA:
BAPTISTA:
BAPTISTA:
BAPTISTA:
BAPTISTA:
BAPTISTA:
BAPTISTA:
BAPTISTA:
BAPTISTA:
BAPTISTA:
BAPTISTA:
BAPTISTA:
BAPTISTA:
BAPTISTA:
BAPTISTA:
BAPTISTA:
BAPTISTA:
BAPTISTA:
BAPTISTA:
BAPTISTA:
BAPTISTA:
BAPTISTA:
BAPTISTA:
BAPTISTA:
BAPTISTA:
BAPTISTA:
BAPTISTA:
BAPTISTA:
BAPTISTA:
BAPTISTA:
BAPTISTA:
BAPTISTA:
BAPTISTA:
BAPTISTA:
BAPTISTA:
BAPTISTA:
BAPTISTA:
BAPTISTA:
BAPTISTA:
BAPTISTA:
BAPTISTA:
BALTHASAR:
BALTHASAR:
BALTHASAR:
BALTHASAR:
BALTHASAR:
BALTHASAR:
BALTHASAR:
BALTHASAR:
BALTHASAR:
BALTHASAR:
BALTHASAR:
BALTHASAR:
BAGOT:
BAGOT:
BAGOT:
BAGOT:
BAGOT:
BAGOT:
Ay; or else 'twere hard luck, being in so
Ay; and you'll look pale
Ay; and that thou and the proudest of you all shall
Ay; 'tis an honester service than to meddle with thy
Ay.
Ay.
Ay.
Ay, you have been a mouse-hunt in your time;
Ay, worthy Menenius; and with most prosperous
Ay, with such gifts that heaven shall share with you.
Ay, with my sword. What! think'st thou that we fear them?
Ay, with my heart
Ay, with five hundred, father, for a need:
Ay, why not? Grace is grace, despite of all
Ay, while you live, draw your neck out o' the collar.
Ay, wherefore else guard we his royal tent,
Ay, when the special thing is well obtain'd,
Ay, what's o'clock?
Ay, what of that? it was my will and grant;
Ay, what else? and but I be deceived
Ay, traitor, Marcius!
Ay, to the proof; as mountains are for winds,
Ay, to such mercy as his ruthless arm,
Ay, to devour him; as the hungry plebeians would the
Ay, to be murder'd by his enemies.
Ay, thou wast born to be a plague to men.
Ay, those attires are best: but, gentle nurse,
Ay, this is he that took King Henry's chair,
Ay, therein Clarence shall not want his part.
Ay, there's the villany.
Ay, the woman's maid of the house.
Ay, the most peerless piece of earth, I think,
Ay, the heads of the maids, or their maidenheads;
Ay, that's the first thing that we have to do;
Ay, that the king is dead.
Ay, that he razed.
Ay, that Petruchio came.
Ay, such a pleasure as incaged birds
Ay, spare us not. Say we read lectures to you.
Ay, so we will.
Ay, so I fear; the more is my unrest.
Ay, so I did indeed.
Ay, sir; whom, I thank heaven, is an honest woman,--
Ay, sir; well, well.
Ay, sir; so his mother says, if I may believe her.
Ay, sir; but she will none, she gives you thanks.
Ay, sir; a mystery
Ay, sir.
Ay, sir.
Ay, sir, very well.
Ay, sir, they be ready: the oats have eaten the horses.
Ay, sir, it is too true; God help the while!
Ay, sir, in Pisa have I often been,
Ay, sir, by Mistress Overdone's means: but as she
Ay, say you so? the gates shall then be open'd.
Ay, pilgrim, lips that they must use in prayer.
Ay, or very falsely pocket up his report
Ay, on my life; and hopes to find forward
Ay, nurse; what of that? both with an R.
Ay, now my sovereign speaketh like himself;
Ay, now methinks I hear great Warwick speak:
Ay, now begins a second storm to rise;
Ay, no; no, ay; for I must nothing be;
Ay, my lord; even so
Ay, my lord;
Ay, my lord: and fear
Ay, my good lord; and no one in this presence
Ay, my good lord; a very virtuous maid,
Ay, my good lord:--my lord, I should say rather;
Ay, my good lord.
Ay, my good lord.
Ay, my good lord.
Ay, mother; but I would not have it so.
Ay, mistress, and Petruchio is the master;
Ay, mistress bride, hath that awaken'd you?
Ay, mine own fortune in my misery.
Ay, millstones; as be lesson'd us to weep.
Ay, marry, sir, now looks he like a king!
Ay, marry, sir, now it begins to work.
Ay, marry, go, I say, and fetch him hither.
Ay, marry, am I, sir; and now 'tis plotted.
Ay, madam, from the reach of these my hands:
Ay, like a dastard and a treacherous coward,
Ay, let the county take you in your bed;
Ay, just; perpetual durance, a restraint,
Ay, it stands so that I may hardly
Ay, in despite of all that shall withstand you.
Ay, if yourself's remembrance wrong yourself.
Ay, if you come not in the blood of others,
Ay, if thou wilt say 'ay' to my request;
Ay, if the fool could find it where it lies,
Ay, if the devil tempt thee to do good.
Ay, if I know the letters and the language.
Ay, here's a deer whose skin's a keeper's fee:
Ay, hand from hand, my love, and heart from heart.
Ay, gracious sovereign; they are so link'd in
Ay, good my lord, and leave us to our fortune.
Ay, good brother, or go about to think.
Ay, full as dearly as I love myself.
Ay, forsooth.
Ay, for if Edward repossess the crown,
Ay, for a turtle, as he takes a buzzard.
Ay, fool; is that a shame? Note but this fool.
Ay, every dram of woman's flesh is false, If she be.
Ay, crook-back, here I stand to answer thee,
Ay, by my troth, the case may be amended.
Ay, by my faith, for a poor earl to give:
Ay, by any means prove a tall fellow: if I do not
Ay, by and by;
Ay, but, I fear me, in another sense.
Ay, but yet
Ay, but why?
Ay, but to die, and go we know not where;
Ay, but thou usest to forswear thyself:
Ay, but thou talk'st as if thou wert a king.
Ay, but thou canst do what I mean to ask.
Ay, but the mustard is too hot a little.
Ay, but the case is alter'd:
Ay, but she's come to beg, Warwick to give;
Ay, but not mine own desire.
Ay, but not frighted me; therefore I'll sleep again.
Ay, but mildly.
Ay, but he's dead: off with the traitor's head,
Ay, but give me worship and quietness;
Ay, brother, to our grief, as it is yours:
Ay, boy.
Ay, boy, ready.
Ay, ay. thou wouldst be gone to join with Richmond:
Ay, ay.
Ay, ay, the cords.
Ay, ay, so strives the woodcock with the gin.
Ay, ay, for this I draw in many a tear
Ay, ay, a scratch, a scratch; marry, 'tis enough.
Ay, as the rocks cheer them that fear their wreck:
Ay, as the glasses where they view themselves;
Ay, as an ostler, that for the poorest piece
Ay, and their colours, often borne in France,
Ay, and the time seems thirty unto me,
Ay, and old York, and yet not satisfied.
Ay, and more.
Ay, and mine,
Ay, and make't manifest where she has lived,
Ay, and it makes men hate one another.
Ay, and he'll tame her.
Ay, and have been so any time these four hours.
Ay, and for much more slaughter after this.
Ay, and for an assault too.
Ay, and burn too.
Ay, and amid this hurly I intend
Ay, and a subtle; as he most learnedly delivered.
Ay, and a kind one too:
Ay, an it like your good worship.
Ay, almost slain, for he is taken prisoner,
Ay, all of them at Bristol lost their heads.
Ay, a thousand times.
Ay, Marcius, Caius Marcius: dost thou think
Ay, I thank God, my father, and yourself.
Ay, Edward will use women honourably.
Ay me, I see the downfall of our house!
Ay me! what news? why dost thou wring thy hands?
Ay me! sad hours seem long.
Ay me!
Awhile to work, and after holiday.
Away, you three-inch fool! I am no beast.
Away, you fool! it more becomes a man
Away, thou rag, thou quantity, thou remnant;
Away, sir! you must go.
Away, my disposition, and possess me
Away, fond woman! were he twenty times my son,
Away, begone; the sport is at the best.
Away, away, to meet the queen's great power!
Away, away, mad ass! his name is Lucentio and he is
Away, away! for he is coming hither.
Away, away! Once more, sweet lords farewell.
Away, I say; I charge ye, bear her hence.
Away, I say, and bring them hither straight.
Away! we'll none on 't: here has been too much
Away! the tribunes do attend you: arm yourself
Away! let's go learn the truth of it.
Away! get you away.
Away! for vengeance comes along with them:
Away! for death doth hold us in pursuit.
Away! I say; commend me to thy master.
Away!
Away!
Away with the joint-stools, remove the
Away with the dotard! to the gaol with him!
Away with that audacious lady! Antigonus,
Away with scrupulous wit! now arms must rule.
Away with me in post to Ravenspurgh;
Away with it! come, let me have a bigger.
Away with him! and let her sport herself
Away with him!
Away with him to death!
Away with her; go, bear her hence perforce.
Away with her, and waft her hence to France.
Away with her! Poor soul,
Away with Oxford to Hames Castle straight:
Away towards Salisbury! while we reason here,
Away to heaven, respective lenity,
Away from the light steals home my heavy son,
Away betimes, before his forces join,
Awakes me all the enrolled penalties
Awaked you not with this sore agony?
Awaked the sleeping rheum, and so by chance
Awaked an evil nature; and my trust,
Awake, thou coward majesty! thou sleepest.
Awake, dear heart, awake! thou hast slept well; Awake!
Avoid what's grown than question how 'tis born.
Avaunt, thou dreadful minister of hell!
Aumerle, thou weep'st, my tender-hearted cousin!
Aumerle, thou liest; his honour is as true
Aumerle that was;
Aumerle is guilty of my true appeal:
Aufidius, though I cannot make true wars,
Aufidius, and you Volsces, mark; for we'll
Aufidius got off.
Attorney'd at your service.
Attending but the signal to begin.
Attend us through the city.
Attend upon Cominius to these wars.
Attend the sequel of your imposition,
Attend me, lords. The proud insulting queen,
Attach thee as a traitorous innovator,
Athwart men's noses as they lie asleep;
At young Elizabeth, my brother's daughter,
At what o'clock to-morrow
At what hour to-morrow
At war 'twixt will and will not.
At upper end o' the table, now i' the middle;
At unawares may beat down Edward's guard
At thy great glory. Look not to the ground,
At thy good heart's oppression.
At thy choice, then:
At this same ancient feast of Capulet's
At the queen's be't: 'good' should be pertinent
At the prefixed hour of her waking,
At the lower end of the hall, hurl'd up their caps,
At the hour of nine.
At the hedge-corner, in the coldest fault?
At the good queen's entreaty.
At that sad stop, my lord,
At some time when his soaring insolence
At some hours in the night spirits resort;--
At our more leisure shall I render you;
At our entreaties, to amend that fault!
At our enlargement what are thy due fees?
At my request he would not.
At my poor house look to behold this night
At my petition; I beseech you, rather
At my depart, these were his very words:
At meeting tears the cloudy cheeks of heaven.
At least ungentle, of the dreadful Neptune,
At least two glasses. The time 'twixt six and now
At last, though long, our jarring notes agree:
At last by notes of household harmony
At large discoursed in this paper here.
At knowing of thy choice.
At home, upon my brother's guard, even there,
At his house this night.
At each his needless heavings, such as you
At any time, to grace my stratagems.
At any time have recourse unto the princes.
At any time 'fore noon.
At an unusual hour?
At all acknowledge. For Polixenes,
At a poor man's house; he used me kindly:
At a few drops of women's rheum, which are
At a crack'd drachm! Cushions, leaden spoons,
At Stony-Stratford will they be to-night:
At Southam I did leave him with his forces,
At Ravenspurgh.
At Pembroke, or at Harford-west, in Wales.
At Mariana's house to-night. Her cause and yours
At Grecian sword, contemning. Tell Valeria,
At Ely House.
At Crosby Place, there shall you find us both.
At Coventry, upon Saint Lambert's day:
At Chertsey monastery this noble king,
At Antium.
At Antium lives he?
Associated with Aufidius, rages
Assist me, then, sweet Warwick, and I will;
Assist me, Tranio, for I know thou wilt.
Asses are made to bear, and so are you.
Assemble presently the people hither;
Assay the power you have.
Ask him his name and orderly proceed
Ask Marian Hacket, the fat ale-wife of Wincot, if
Aside, aside; here is more matter for a hot brain:
Ascend his throne, descending now from him;
Ascend her chamber, hence and comfort her:
As, walk'd your first queen's ghost,
As, though on thinking on no thought I think,
As, deathmen, you have rid this sweet young prince!
As your good flock shall prosper.
As you, Lord Angelo, have still appear'd,
As you would beg, were you in my distress
As you were lesson'd, when he had no power,
As you were fore-advised, had touch'd his spirit
As you threw caps up will he tumble down,
As you think fit to furnish me to-morrow?
As you shall well be satisfied withal.
As you malign our senators for that
As you intended well.
As you have ever been my father's honour'd friend,
As you have done; that's what I can; induced
As you have been; that's for my country:
As you had slept between: Leontes leaving,
As you feel doing thus; and see withal
As you are certainly a gentleman, thereto
As yonder lady o'er her fellows shows.
As yet I do not: but, as I can learn,
As words to little purpose.
As words could make up vows: and, my good lord,
As with the meat, some undeserved fault
As with a saint.
As with a man by his own alms empoison'd,
As with a man busied about decrees:
As with a club, dash out my desperate brains?
As willingly as e'er I came from school.
As will disperse itself through all the veins
As will a chestnut in a farmer's fire?
As wicked dew as e'er my mother brush'd
As who should say, if I should sleep or eat,
As when brave Gaunt, thy father, and myself
As when a giant dies.
As were our England in reversion his,
As well we know your tenderness of heart
As well the fear of harm, as harm apparent,
As well assured Richard their king is dead.
As well as speak--it tauntingly replied
As well as one so great and so forlorn
As well as Lewis of France, or the Earl of Warwick,
As well as I had seen and heard him speak
As well appeareth by the cause you come;
As well I tender you and all of yours!
As wealth is burden of my wooing dance,
As we this garden! We at time of year
As we have, such. This gallant which thou seest
As we are mock'd with art.
As was your former; but she shall be such
As violently as hasty powder fired
As victors wear at the Olympian games:
As venom toads, or lizards' dreadful stings.
As traitors do.
As to your soul seems good. Give me your hand:
As to us, to all the world, that Caius Marcius
As to take up mine honour's pawn, then stoop:
As to set dogs on sheep--will be his fire
As to put metal in restrained means
As to be hush'd and nought at all to say:
As to be cast forth in the common air,
As to Jove's statue, and the commons made
As time and our concernings shall importune,
As thus, to drop them still upon one place,
As thus, 'Come, little ones,' and then again,
As thunder when the clouds in autumn crack.
As thriftless sons their scraping fathers' gold.
As thoughts of things divine, are intermix'd
As though she bid me stay by her a week:
As thou shalt think on prating whilst thou livest!
As thou shalt reign but by their sufferance.
As thou report'st thyself, wast then her servant;
As thou lovest me, Camillo, wipe not out the rest of
As thou hast shown it flinty by thy deeds,
As thou hast power and person.
As thou hast made me by my dear lord's death!
As thou dost swallow up this good king's blood
As thou didst kill our tender brother Rutland;
As thou canst yield a melancholy seat!
As thou art tender to't.
As thou art liege-man to us, that thou carry
As thou and I; who, as thou know'st, are dear
As those two eyes become that heavenly face?
As those that feed grow full, as blossoming time
As those should do that had deserved his hate,
As this world goes, to pass for honest.
As thick as honeycomb, each pinch more stinging
As they would hang them on the horns o' the moon,
As they us to our trenches followed.
As they themselves would owe them.
As therefore kept to do so.
As there is sense in truth and truth in virtue,
As there comes light from heaven and words from breath,
As then the messenger,--
As theirs, so mine; and all be as it is.
As the recomforted through the gates. Why, hark you!
As the most noble corse that ever herald
As the main point of this our after-meeting,
As the last taste of sweets, is sweetest last,
As the dead carcasses of unburied men
As the Antipodes are unto us,
As that vast shore wash'd with the farthest sea,
As that the villain lives which slaughter'd him.
As that the sin hath brought you to this shame,
As that of true and faithful Juliet.
As that is desperate which we would prevent.
As surfeit is the father of much fast,
As surely as I live, my lord.
As stooping to relieve him: I not doubt
As soft as dove's down and as white as it,
As so defend thee heaven and thy valour!
As snow in harvest. Thou deceivest thyself:
As signal that thou hear'st something approach.
As she that he hath stain'd?
As she lived peerless,
As she lived now.
As she from one ungot.
As shall with either part's agreement stand?
As shall revenge his death before I stir.
As shall become your highness; where you may
As shall be proved upon you?
As rich shall Romeo's by his lady's lie;
As reek o' the rotten fens, whose loves I prize
As recompense of our dear services
As rank as any flax-wench that puts to
As prisoners to her womanly persuasion.
As praises, of whose taste the wise are fond,
As potent as a lord's. Will you go yet?
As poisonous of your honour: no; our suit
As passes colouring.
As ours by murder, to make him a king!
As ornaments oft do, too dangerous:
As or by oath remove or counsel shake
As one unworthy all the former favours
As one that are best acquainted with her humour.
As one dead in the bottom of a tomb:
As on a pillory, looking through the lute;
As old as Sibyl and as curst and shrewd
As often as we eat. By the elements,
As o'er-dyed blacks, as wind, as waters, false
As now she might have done,
As now our flesh is banish'd from this land:
As now it coldly stands, when first I woo'd her!
As now I reap at thy too cruel hand!
As near the dawning, provost, as it is,
As near as I could sift him on that argument,
As my trust was; which had indeed no limit,
As my true service shall deserve your love.
As my sweet Richard: yet again, methinks,
As my ripe revenue and due by birth
As my Antigonus to break his grave
As much unto my good lord chamberlain!
As much to you, good sister! Whither away?
As much to him, else is his thanks too much.
As much in mock as mark.
As much good stay with thee as go with me!
As much for my poor brother as myself:
As much as in him lies, from time to time
As mountain winds: but then exactly do
As morning roses newly wash'd with dew:
As miserable by the life of thee
As mine, against their will. Should all despair
As mine on hers, so hers is set on mine;
As mine is to him?
As mice by lions--hath pick'd out an act,
As merry as you will.
As merry as when our nuptial day was done,
As mercy does.
As may beseem a monarch like himself.
As may be holloa'd in thy treacherous ear
As may appear by Edward's good success,
As many vouched rarities are.
As many as you please.
As make the angels weep; who, with our spleens,
As maids call medlars, when they laugh alone.
As long as you or I yet he must die.
As loath to lose him, not your father's death;
As loath to bear me to the slaughter-house.
As living here and you no use of him.
As lively painted as the deed was done.
As little skill to fear as I have purpose
As little joy, my lord, as you suppose
As little joy may you suppose in me.
As likely to be blest in peace and war;
As like almost to Claudio as himself.
As like Hermione as is her picture,
As it were sin to doubt--that love this painting
As it was won with blood, lost be it so!
As it is here set down.
As it hath been to us rare, pleasant, speedy,
As is the spring to the earth. And hath he too
As is the sepulchre in stubborn Jewry,
As is the other for beauteous modesty.
As is the osprey to the fish, who takes it
As is the night before some festival
As is the bud bit with an envious worm,
As is my grief, or lesser than my name!
As is a winged messenger of heaven
As is a dead man's nose: but I do see't and feel't
As infancy and grace. But yet, Paulina,
As index to the story we late talk'd of,
As in a vault, an ancient receptacle,
As in a theatre, the eyes of men,
As in a soul remembering my good friends;
As if you were a god to punish, not
As if you were a feasted one and not
As if we had them not. Spirits are not finely touch'd
As if thou wert distraught and mad with terror?
As if this flesh which walls about our life,
As if they vow'd some league inviolable:
As if they saw some wondrous monument,
As if the world were all dissolved to tears,
As if the vicar meant to cozen him.
As if the golden fee for which I plead
As if that whatsoever god who leads him
As if that name,
As if my brother lived: I partly think
As if it had lungs and rotten ones.
As if he were the right Vincentio
As if he were his officer: desperation
As if he did contemn what he requested
As if a man were author of himself
As if a channel should be call'd the sea,--
As if Olympus to a molehill should
As if I loved my little should be dieted
As if I had received them for the hire
As if I did but only chew his name;
As hotly and as nobly with thy love
As heavens forefend!--your ruin; marry her,
As he's reported by this gentleman;
As he will lose his head ere give consent
As he was coming from this churchyard side.
As he shall think by our true diligence
As he is proud to do't.
As he is famed for mildness, peace, and prayer.
As he is but my father's brother's son,
As he hath spices of them all, not all,
As he hath followed you, with all despite;
As he had seen't or been an instrument
As he had lost some province and a region
As he from heaven merits it, with you
As he forth walked on his way:--
As he controll'd the war; but one of these--
As he began, and not unknit himself
As hazel nuts and sweeter than the kernels.
As had she studied to misuse me so.
As good to chide the waves as speak them fair.
As glorious to this night, being o'er my head
As gentle and as jocund as to jest
As full of valour as of royal blood:
As from my death-bed, thy last living leave.
As friendship wears at feasts, keep with Bohemia
As frankly as a pin.
As for the brat of this accursed duke,
As for my patron, stand you so assured,
As for my country I have shed my blood,
As for another secret close intent,
As firmly as yourself were still in place:
As fat as tame things: one good deed dying tongueless
As fast lock'd up in sleep as guiltless labour
As fast as mill-wheels strike. Then was this island--
As far as land will let me, by your side.
As far as doth the Capitol exceed
As far as Calais, to mine uncle's head?'
As fancy values them; but with true prayers
As false, by heaven, as heaven itself is true.
As falcon doth the fowl, is yet a devil
As every present time doth boast itself
As every loyal subject ought to do.
As ever oak or stone was sound.
As ever in ambitious strength I did
As enemy to the people and his country:
As else I would be, were the day prolong'd.
As e'er I heard in madness.
As draw his sword; yet he hath left undone
As doth the blushing discontented sun
As doth a sail, fill'd with a fretting gust,
As doth a lion in a herd of neat;
As dissolute as desperate; yet through both
As dice are to be wish'd by one that fixes
As deep as that, though true.
As dearly as my own,--be satisfied.
As daylight doth a lamp; her eyes in heaven
As confident as is the falcon's flight
As closely to conceal what we impart:
As children from a bear, the Volsces shunning him:
As cheap as lies, he sold the blood and labour
As certain as I know the sun is fire:
As cause will be obey'd. Please you to march;
As cause had call'd you up, have held him to
As cause doth minister. Go call at Flavius' house,
As brittle as the glory is the face;
As brings a thousand-fold more care to keep
As bring me to the sight of Isabella,
As bright as is the eagle's, lightens forth
As breathed stags, ay, fleeter than the roe.
As boldness from my bosom, let 't not be doubted
As blanks, benevolences, and I wot not what:
As blameful as the executioner?
As best thou art experienced, since thou know'st
As benefits to thee, for I will fight
As being well content with that alone.
As being got, your father then in France,
As beaten hence by your strange lunacy.
As art and practise hath enriched any
As are the swelling Adriatic seas:
As are of better person than myself,
As are behoveful for our state to-morrow:
As any in Vienna, on my word.
As any ear can hear. Come, let's not weep.
As any cordial comfort. Still, methinks,
As all the world--why, he's a man of wax.
As all the world is cheered by the sun,
As all comforts are; most good, most good indeed.
As a long-parted mother with her child
As Stephen Sly and did John Naps of Greece
As Socrates' Xanthippe, or a worse,
As Priam was for all his valiant sons.
As Phaethon would whip you to the west,
As Paris hath. Beshrew my very heart,
As Ovid be an outcast quite abjured:
As Kate this chamber with her princely gait?
As Jove himself does, Jove would ne'er be quiet,
As I, thus wrong'd, hence unbelieved go!
As I would do the gods. But, O thou tyrant!
As I wish you were.
As I will meet thee, if thou stir abroad--
As I weigh grief, which I would spare: for honour,
As I was banish'd, I was banish'd Hereford;
As I thought, dead, and have in vain said many
As I subscribe not that, nor any other,
As I seem now. Their transformations
As I remember, this should be the house.
As I remember, Henry the Sixth
As I intended, for it wrought on her
As I intend to thrive in this new world,
As I intend to prosper and repent,
As I intend more good to you and yours,
As I have set them down. If I do send, dispatch
As I have loved this proud disdainful haggard.
As I have heard him swear himself there's one
As I have done, thou wouldst be more pitiful.
As I hate hell, all Montagues, and thee:
As I had title in thy noble husband!
As I had rather hide me from my greatness,
As I guess, Marcius,
As I do think, to-morrow.
As I do pray the gods.
As I do know the consul's worthiness,
As I did sleep under this yew-tree here,
As I did him, and speak of something wildly
As I could pick my lance.
As I come out: this action I now go on
As I can say nay to thee for myself,
As I can of those mysteries which heaven
As I can change these poor accoutrements,
As I by thine a wife: this is a match,
As I by friends am well advertised,
As I bethink me, you should not be king
As I before unparted to your worship,
As I am subtle, false and treacherous,
As I am now unhappy; which is more
As I am made by my poor lord and thee!
As Hercules
As Henry's late presaging prophecy
As Harry Duke of Hereford, were he here.
As Anna to the queen of Carthage was,
As Angelo; even so may Angelo,
As 'twere triumphing at mine enemies,
As 'twere to banish their affects with him.
As 'twere retail'd to all posterity,
As 'twere my daughter's eyes: and, to be plain.
As 'twere in scorn of eyes, reflecting gems,
As 'twere i' the father's person; kisses the hands
As 'tis to laugh at 'em. My mother, you wot well
As 'longeth to a lover's blessed case!
Art thou, indeed?
Art thou sure of this?
Art thou so hasty? I have stay'd for thee,
Art thou so bare and full of wretchedness,
Art thou not Romeo and a Montague?
Art thou my son?
Art thou my calf?
Art thou his father?
Art thou gone so? love, lord, ay, husband, friend!
Art thou certain this is true? is it most certain?
Art thou against us, Duke of Exeter?
Art thou a man? thy form cries out thou art:
Art then forsaken, as thou went'st forlorn!
Art ignorant of what thou art, nought knowing
Arms, take your last embrace! and, lips, O you
Armies of pestilence; and they shall strike
Armed in proof, and led by shallow Richmond.
Arm, arm, my name! a puny subject strikes
Arm, arm, my lord; the foe vaunts in the field.
Arm'd as we are, let's stay within this house.
Arise; one knocks; good Romeo, hide thyself.
Arise, fair sun, and kill the envious moon,
Arise, dissembler: though I wish thy death,
Arise to let him in: he is call'd up.
Ariel, thy charge
Ariel and all his quality.
Argues your wisdoms and your love to Richard:'
Are you there, butcher? O, I cannot speak!
Are you so hot? marry, come up, I trow;
Are you so formal, sir? well, I must wait,
Are you so fond of your young prince as we
Are you so brave? I'll have you talked with anon.
Are you of fourscore pounds a year?
Are you now going to dispatch this deed?
Are you my wife and will not call me husband?
Are you moved, my lord?
Are you mankind?
Are you in earnest, sir?
Are you contented to resign the crown?
Are you content to stay?
Are you call'd forth from out a world of men
Are you at leisure, holy father, now;
Are you all resolved to give your voices? But
Are you agreed?
Are you a suitor to the maid you talk of, yea or no?
Are you a maid?
Are you a courtier, an't like you, sir?
Are well foretold that danger lurks within.
Are we come hither: since that thy sight,
Are to a wise man ports and happy havens.
Are they that I would have thee deal upon:
Are they returned to the court?
Are they not now upon the western shore.
Are these your herd?
Are there no other tokens
Are then most humble; I have no ambition
Are summer songs for me and my aunts,
Are suitors to you.
Are such allow'd infirmities that honesty
Are stuck upon thee: volumes of report
Are still together, who twin, as 'twere, in love
Are spectacled to see him: your prattling nurse
Are smother'd up, leads fill'd, and ridges horsed
Are servanted to others: though I owe
Are pluck'd up root and all by Bolingbroke,
Are our carnations and streak'd gillyvors,
Are of two houses: lawful mercy
Are nursed by baseness. Thou'rt by no means valiant;
Are now to have no successive degrees,
Are not thine own so proper as to waste
Are not these large enough?
Are near to Warwick by blood and by alliance:
Are mock'd for valiant ignorance,
Are mighty gossips in this monarchy.
Are merely shadows to the unseen grief
Are making hither with all due expedience
Are made already mothers: by my count,
Are idly bent on him that enters next,
Are gone to Bolingbroke, dispersed and fled.
Are enter'd in the Roman territories,
Are daily given to ennoble those
Are crack'd in pieces by malignant death,
Are come to play a pleasant comedy;
Are come to have some conference with his grace.
Are come from visiting his majesty.
Are clamorous groans, which strike upon my heart,
Are bringing forth our youth. We'll break our walls,
Are bound to pray for you both.
Are at their beads, 'tis hard to draw them thence,
Are at our backs; and therefore hence amain.
Are at my service, like enforced smiles;
Are all things fitting for that royal time?
Are all call'd neat.--Still virginalling
Approach, my Ariel, come.
Apprehend
Appointed to direct these fair designs.
Applaud the name of Henry with your leader.
Appear'd to me last night, for ne'er was dream
Appear thou in the likeness of a sigh:
Appear not like a guest.
Appear in your impediment. For the dearth,
Appear in person here in court. Silence!
Appear i' the market-place nor on him put
Apparent to my heart.
Apothecary:
Apothecary:
Apothecary:
Apothecary:
Apollo, pardon
Apollo's angry; and the heavens themselves
Apollo would, this being indeed the issue
Apollo be my judge!
Any toys for your head,
Any thing, my lord,
Any silk, any thread,
Any man that can write may answer a letter.
Antony, and Potpan!
Antonio, my father, is deceased;
Anthony Woodville, her brother there,
Answer to us.
Answer no more, for thou shalt be my queen.
Another's issue.
Another way I have to man my haggard,
Another thing to fall. I not deny,
Another tell him of his hounds and horse,
Another dowry to another daughter,
Another bear the ewer, the third a diaper,
Anon, good nurse! Sweet Montague, be true.
Anon, anon!
Anon!
Anon!
Anon expect him here; but if she be obdurate
Anon do meet the senate.
Anon comes one with light to ope the tomb;
Anon I'll give thee more instructions.
Anointed, crowned, planted many years,
Anointed let me be with deadly venom,
Anger's my meat; I sup upon myself,
Angelo, came not to an undoubtful proof.
Angelo,
Angelo hath seen them both, and will discover the favour.
And,--do you mark me, sir?
And, yet brought forth less than a mother's hope,
And, with wild looks, bid me devise some mean
And, with thy hand, thy faith irrevocable,
And, with that word, she struck me on the head,
And, with my best endeavours in your absence,
And, with a martial scorn, with one hand beats
And, whilst we breathe, take time to do him dead.
And, whiles I live, to account this world but hell,
And, when thou wed'st, let sorrow haunt thy bed;
And, when it bows, stands up. Thou art left, Marcius:
And, toward the education of your daughters,
And, touching hers, make blessed my rude hand.
And, to sink in it, should you burden love;
And, to say truth, Verona brags of him
And, to cut off all strife, here sit we down:
And, to be short, what not, that's sweet and happy?
And, to be noted for a merry man,
And, till so much blood thither come again,
And, through the cranks and offices of man,
And, though unskilful, why not Ned and I
And, though mine enemy, restored again
And, that once gotten, doubt not of large pay.
And, that I love the tree from whence thou sprang'st,
And, ten to one, you'll meet him in the Tower.
And, sweet sprites, the burthen bear.
And, sowing the kernels of it in the sea, bring
And, soldiers, stay and lodge by me this night.
And, sir, it is no little thing to make
And, seeking death, find life: let it come on.
And, see, a book of prayer in his hand,
And, princely peers, a happy time of day!
And, pretty fool, it stinted and said 'Ay.'
And, on my trust, a man that never yet
And, on my lie, hath stol'n him home to bed.
And, often but attended with weak guard,
And, now I fall, thy tough commixture melts.
And, noble uncle, I beseech your grace
And, mutually participate, did minister
And, might we lay the old proverb to your charge,
And, madam, you must call him Rutland now:
And, madam, there is order ta'en for you;
And, madam,
And, lozel, thou art worthy to be hang'd,
And, lords, towards Coventry bend we our course
And, look, when I am king, claim thou of me
And, live we how we can, yet die we must.
And, like a traitor to the name of God,
And, like a Sinon, take another Troy.
And, let your father make her the assurance,
And, in this resolution, I defy thee;
And, in this rage, with some great kinsman's bone,
And, in strong proof of chastity well arm'd,
And, in my company, my brother Gloucester;
And, in good time, here the lieutenant comes.
And, in good time, here comes the sweating lord.
And, in good time, here comes the noble duke.
And, in despite, I'll cram thee with more food!
And, if you will, tell what hath happened,
And, if we thrive, promise them such rewards
And, if we meet, we shall not scape a brawl;
And, if though canst for blushing, view this face,
And, if thou darest, I'll give thee remedy.
And, if the rest be true which I have heard,
And, if I fall not in my deep intent,
And, honest company, I thank you all,
And, having France thy friend, thou shalt not dread
And, gladly quaked, hear more; where the
And, gallant Warwick, do but answer this:
And, friends unknown, you shall bear witness to 't:
And, for unfelt imagination,
And, for thou wast a spirit too delicate
And, for this night, we'll fast for company:
And, for they cannot, die in their own pride.
And, for the time shall not seem tedious,
And, for the most, become much more the better
And, for the good report I hear of you
And, for that dowry, I'll assure her of
And, for our coffers, with too great a court
And, for my name of George begins with G,
And, for my heart disdained that my tongue
And, for more slander to thy dismal seat,
And, for an entrance to my entertainment,
And, for I should not deal in her soft laws,
And, ere my knee rise from the earth's cold face,
And, daughter, yours.
And, by thy guess, how nigh is Clarence now?
And, by the grace of God and this mine arm,
And, by the glorious worth of my descent,
And, by that knot, looks proudly o'er the crown,
And, by my troth, you have cause. You'll sup with me?
And, by my fall, the conquest to my foe.
And, by just computation of the time,
And, by his soul, thou and thy house shall rue it.
And, by despairing, shouldst thou stand excused;
And, by all likelihood, some cheer is toward.
And, by God's mother, I, being but a bachelor,
And, brother, here's the Earl of Wiltshire's blood,
And, being angry, does forget that ever
And, being anger'd, puffs away from thence,
And, being a winner, God give you good night!
And, as we march, our strength will be augmented
And, as we hear, march on to fight with us.
And, as thou seest, ourselves in heavy plight.
And, as the jest did glance away from me,
And, as occasion serves, this noble queen
And, as my fortune ripens with thy love,
And, as it were far off sound thou Lord Hastings,
And, as he stoop'd again to take it up,
And, as he fell, did Romeo turn and fly.
And, as I hear, the great commanding Warwick
And, as I further have to understand,
And, as I am a gentleman, I credit him.
And, after that wise prince, Henry the Fifth,
And, after many lengthen'd hours of grief,
And, after John of Gaunt, Henry the Fourth,
And, Will you, nill you, I will marry you.
And, Rivers, so were you. Was not your husband
And, Richard, do not frown upon my faults,
And, Norfolk, throw down his.
And, Montague, come you this afternoon,
And, I beseech you, hear me, who profess
And, Henry, hadst thou sway'd as kings should do,
And, Clarence, now then it is more than needful
And yours, close fighting ere I did approach:
And your fair princess,--goddess!--O, alas!
And your affection not gone forth, I'll make you
And young affection gapes to be his heir;
And you.
And you.
And you, sir! you are welcome.
And you, my noble and well-warranted cousin,
And you, good sir! Pray, have you not a daughter
And you, good brother father. What offence hath
And you, Sir Walter Herbert, stay with me.
And you will rather show our general louts
And you were sworn true subjects unto me:
And you were Isabel! should it then be thus?
And you too, Somerset and Montague,
And you the queen on't.
And you the mutinous members; for examine
And you that do abet him in this kind
And you tell me that he shall die for it.
And you shall well be spared.
And you shall understand from me her mind.
And you shall pay well for 'em.
And you shall have your bosom on this wretch,
And you shall be conducted.
And you my good lords, both have well proceeded,
And you may marvel why I obscured myself,
And you can witness with me this is true.
And you but waste your words.
And you be not, hang, beg, starve, die in
And you are well met, Signior Hortensio.
And you are darken'd in this action, sir,
And yonder is the wolf that makes this spoil.
And yielding to another when it blows,
And yet, to my teeth be it spoken, I have but four--
And yet, incaged in so small a verge,
And yet, between my soul's desire and me--
And yet, amen, if heaven do think him me.
And yet, I warrant, it had upon its brow
And yet your fair discourse hath been as sugar,
And yet you halt not.
And yet within these five hours lived Lord Hastings,
And yet we strike not, but securely perish.
And yet we should, for perpetuity,
And yet we hear no tidings from the king;
And yet too good to be your concubine.
And yet to win her, all the world to nothing!
And yet to charge thy sulphur with a bolt
And yet the steer, the heifer and the calf
And yet the king not privy to my drift,
And yet so fast asleep.
And yet she is inferior to none.
And yet shalt thou be safe? such safety finds
And yet salt water blinds them not so much
And yet runn'st toward him still. Thou art not noble;
And yet partake no venom, for his knowledge
And yet not so, for with a kiss 'twas made.
And yet not so, for what can we bequeath
And yet not many.
And yet not fall; so light is vanity.
And yet no further than a wanton's bird;
And yet my nature never in the fight
And yet my letters-patents give me leave:
And yet methinks your grace hath not done well,
And yet me thinks I see it in thy face,
And yet his punishment was cruel death.
And yet go current from suspicion!
And yet be seen to bear a woman's face?
And yet as heavy as my weight should be.
And yet I'll promise thee she shall be rich
And yet I would it were to give again.
And yet I wish but for the thing I have:
And yet I love him.
And yet I know not how to get the crown,
And yet I come not well.
And yet I bear a burthen like an ass,
And yet 'not proud,' mistress minion, you,
And wring the awful sceptre from his fist,
And wrath o'erwhelm'd my pity: I request you
And wrap our bodies in black mourning gowns,
And wounds the earth, if nothing else, with rage
And wouldst do so, I think, should we encounter
And would you not do much to do them good?
And would my father had left me no more!
And would have rent it. Another word, Menenius,
And would by combat make her good, so were I
And world's exile is death: then banished,
And woo her with some spirit when she comes.
And women too, but innocent and pure;
And witness of the malice and displeasure
And with your queen. I am his cupbearer:
And with uplifted arms is safe arrived
And with thy scorns drew'st rivers from his eyes,
And with thy lips keep in my soul awhile!
And with thy blessings steel my lance's point,
And with this knife I'll help it presently.
And with their helps only defend ourselves;
And with the other fling it at thy face,
And with the deepest malice of the war
And with the clamour keep her still awake.
And with that odds he weighs King Richard down.
And with satiety seeks to quench his thirst.
And with our fair entreaties haste them on.
And with my hand I seal my true heart's love.
And with my child my joys are buried.
And with his varying childness cures in me
And with his troops doth march amain to London;
And with his hat, thus waving it in scorn,
And with his charity slain.
And with him rises weeping: these are flowers
And with him are the Lord Aumerle, Lord Salisbury,
And with her breath she did perfume the air:
And with full line of his authority,
And with dishonour laid me on the ground;
And with declining head into his bosom,
And with all speed post with him toward the north,
And with a virtuous vizard hide foul guile!
And with a sudden reinforcement struck
And with a silk thread plucks it back again,
And with a low submissive reverence
And witch sweet ladies with my words and looks.
And wish, so please my sovereign, ere I move,
And wish thee to a shrewd ill-favour'd wife?
And wish his mistress were that kind of fruit
And wilt thou pluck my fair son from mine age,
And wilt thou learn of me?
And wilt encounter with my wrath, say so;
And will, no doubt, tempt him to any thing.
And will, no doubt, shortly be rid of me.
And will, I fear, revolt on Hereford's side.
And will you pale your head in Henry's glory,
And will to France, hoping the consequence
And will she yet debase her eyes on me,
And will not promise her to any man
And will maintain what thou hast said is false
And will deny him:
And will by twos and threes at several posterns
And why, my lady wisdom? hold your tongue,
And why thou comest thus knightly clad in arms,
And why so, my lord?
And why should we proclaim it in an hour before his
And why not queen?
And why he left your court, the gods themselves,
And whosoe'er gainsays King Edward's right,
And who sits here that is not Richard's subject?
And who should say, 'I would thou wert the man'
And who shines now but Henry's enemies?
And who is England's king but great York's heir?
And who durst mine when Warwick bent his brow?
And who abstains from meat that is not gaunt?
And whither fly the gnats but to the sun?
And while it is so, none so dry or thirsty
And while I pause, serve in your harmony.
And whet on Warwick to this enterprise.
And wheresoe'er he is, he's surely dead.
And wherefore gaze this goodly company,
And where's that valiant crook-back prodigy,
And where two raging fires meet together
And where the worser is predominant,
And where care lodges, sleep will never lie;
And when thou fail'st--as God forbid the hour!--
And when this arm of mine hath chastised
And when they from thy bosom pluck a flower,
And when they bear me say 'It shall be so
And when the rage allays, the rain begins.
And when the morning sun shall raise his car
And when the lion fawns upon the lamb,
And when the king comes, offer no violence,
And when the hardiest warriors did retire,
And when such time they have begun to cry,
And when she is froward, peevish, sullen, sour,
And when my uncle told me so, he wept,
And when my face is fair, you shall perceive
And when mine oratory grew to an end
And when in music we have spent an hour,
And when he says he is, say that he dreams,
And when came George from Burgundy to England?
And when I wander here and there,
And when I mount, alive may I not light,
And when I have my meed, I must away;
And when I give occasion of offence,
And whatsoever you will employ me in,
And what your pleasure is, shall satisfy me.
And what you do, do it unfeignedly.
And what to?
And what to her adheres, which follows after,
And what thou hast, forget'st. Thou art not certain;
And what these sorrows could not thence exhale,
And what shall become of those in the city?
And what said the gallant?
And what of him?
And what of him, Tranio?
And what of all this?
And what obscured in this fair volume lies
And what makes robbers bold but too much lenity?
And what love can do that dares love attempt;
And what loss is it to be rid of care?
And what is left, to lose it by his country,
And what is Edward but ruthless sea?
And what hear there for welcome but my groans?
And what he will, I humbly yield unto.
And what a prisoner.
And what I want it boots not to complain.
And what I spake, I spake it to my face.
And what God will, that let your king perform;
And wet my cheeks with artificial tears,
And wet his grave with my repentant tears,
And were they to be ruled, and not to rule,
And were the king on't, what would I do?
And were his daughter fairer than she is,
And were I strong, I would not shun their fury:
And were I any thing but what I am,
And well we may come there by dinner-time.
And well she can persuade.
And welcome, general: and ye're welcome all.
And welcome, Somerset: I hold it cowardice
And weep ye now, seeing she is advanced
And wear it as a favour; and with that
And weakling, Warwick takes his gift again;
And weak we are and cannot shun pursuit.
And we, in pity of the gentle king,
And we will not, heaven's offer we refuse,
And we will both together to the Tower,
And we their hands.
And we shall have more wars before 't be long.
And we of thee: so if the time thrust forth
And we mean well in going to this mask;
And we may soon our satisfaction have
And we in them no hope to win the day;
And we his subjects sworn in all allegiance
And we create, in absence of ourself,
And we are graced with wreaths of victory.
And we are barren and bereft of friends;
And water cannot wash away your sin.
And watch'd him how he singled Clifford forth.
And watch your safety.
And watch withal; for, but I be deceived,
And watch our vantage in this business:
And wash him fresh again with true-love tears.
And was embark'd to cross to Burgundy;
And was at last out-faced by Bolingbroke?
And warriors faint! why, 'twere perpetual shame.
And wander we to see thy honest son,
And waked half dead with nothing. Worthy Marcius,
And vows revenge as spacious as between
And vice sometimes by action dignified.
And very well appointed, as I thought,
And very welcome. Look, signior, here's your sister.
And very rich: but thou'rt too much my friend,
And venture madly on a desperate mart.
And venomous to thine eyes. My sometime general,
And utter ruin of the house of York.
And usest none in that true use indeed
And use of service, none; contract, succession,
And urged it twice together, did he not?
And unsuspected court her by herself.
And unrespective boys: none are for me
And undertake the teaching of the maid:
And unavoided is the danger now,
And two Northumberlands; two braver men
And twice to-day pick'd out the dullest scent:
And twice as much, whate'er thou offer'st next.
And twenty times made pause to sob and weep,
And twenty more such names and men as these
And twenty caged nightingales do sing:
And twelve tight galleys: these I will assure her,
And twangling Jack; with twenty such vile terms,
And turns the sun to shade; alas! alas!
And turns it to exile; there art thou happy:
And turn'd that black word death to banishment:
And turn'd my captive state to liberty,
And turn you all your hatred now on me?
And try your penitence, if it be sound,
And trust not simple Henry nor his oaths.
And trust me, love, in my eye so do you:
And trouble not the peace.
And triumph, Henry, in thy day of doom.
And tried his inclination; from him pluck'd
And treasure of my loins; then if I would
And tread upon his neck.
And treacherously hast thou vanquish'd him,
And towards London they do bend their course,
And topping all others in boasting.
And too soon marr'd are those so early made.
And told him of those triumphs held at Oxford.
And toil'd with works of war, retired himself
And to transport him in the mind he is
And to thy worth will add right worthy gains.
And to the latest gasp cried out for Warwick,
And to the battle came he; where he did
And to that vineyard is a planched gate,
And to that end we wish'd your lord-ship here,
And to that end I shortly mind to leave you.
And to set on this wretched woman here
And to repair my honour lost for him,
And to myself become an enemy.
And to my state grew stranger, being transported
And to my humble seat conform myself.
And to my brother turn my blushing cheeks.
And to make us no better thought of, a little help
And to give notice, that no manner of person
And to conclude, we have 'greed so well together,
And to conclude, the shepherd's homely curds,
And to be talk'd with in sincerity,
And to be shortly of a sisterhood,
And to be boy eternal.
And to 't they go like lightning, for, ere I
And time to speak it in: you rub the sore,
And time it is, when raging war is done,
And till the tears that she hath shed for thee
And till she stoop she must not be full-gorged,
And till I root out their accursed line
And thy unkindness be like crooked age,
And thy no greater father.
And thy assistance, is King Richard seated;
And thy abundant goodness shall excuse
And thus still doing, thus he pass'd along.
And thus my battle shall be ordered:
And thus most humbly I do take my leave.
And thus far having stretch'd it--here be with them--
And thus expiring do foretell of him:
And thus I'll curb her mad and headstrong humour.
And thus I took the vantage of those few,
And thus I seal my truth, and bid adieu.
And thus I prophesy, that many a thousand,
And thus I clothe my naked villany
And throw't against the wind. To the market-place!
And throw them in the entrails of the wolf?
And throw their power i' the dust.
And throw the rider headlong in the lists,
And through the instrument my pate made way;
And through him what is nearest to him, which is
And thrice cried 'Courage, father! fight it out!'
And threw the sops all in the sexton's face;
And three examples of the like have been
And threatened me with death, going in the vault,
And threaten present blusters. In my conscience,
And threat the glory of my precious crown.
And though you think that all, as you have done,
And though the edge hath something hit ourselves,
And though man's face be fearful to their eyes,
And thou, too careless patient as thou art,
And thou, good goddess Nature, which hast made it
And thou, brave Oxford, wondrous well beloved,
And thou, Lord Bourbon, our high admiral,
And thou, Hortensio, with thy loving widow,
And thou with all pleased, that hast all achieved!
And thou usurp'st my father's right and mine.
And thou unfit for any place but hell.
And thou this day hadst kept thy chair in peace.
And thou the velvet: thou art good velvet; thou'rt
And thou shalt tell the process of their death.
And thou shalt still remain the Duke of York.
And thou shalt reign in quiet while thou livest.
And thou shalt have twelve thousand fighting men!
And thou shalt be the third if this sword hold.
And thou no more are prince than she is queen.
And thou mis-shapen Dick, I tell ye all
And thou dismember'd with thine own defence.
And thou art wedded to calamity.
And thou art flying to a fresher clime:
And thou and Romeo press one heavy bier!
And thou a kingdom; all of you allegiance:
And those who have the wit to claim the place:
And those that you'll procure from King Leontes--
And those that bear them living.
And those his golden beams to you here lent
And those but mean.
And thither bear your treasure and your goods.
And this word 'love,' which graybeards call divine,
And this unwieldy sceptre from my hand,
And this thy son's blood cleaving to my blade
And this the regal seat: possess it, York;
And this the hand that slew thy brother Rutland;
And this soft courage makes your followers faint.
And this small packet of Greek and Latin books:
And this shall seem, as partly 'tis, their own,
And this shall free thee from this present shame;
And this same needy man must sell it me.
And this my neighbour too?
And this is he was his adopted heir.
And this is Edward's wife, that monstrous witch,
And this for Rutland; both bound to revenge,
And this distilled liquor drink thou off;
And this brave fellow too, we are the grains:
And think upon my bidding.
And think it not the worst of an your fortunes
And thine, Lord Clifford; and you both have vow'd revenge
And they to him are angels.
And they shall feel the vengeance of my wrath.
And they indeed had no cause to mistrust;
And they have troops of soldiers at their beck?
And these, who often drown'd could never die,
And these same thoughts people this little world,
And these external manners of laments
And these and all are all amiss employ'd.
And thereupon he sends you this good news,
And therein show'd like enemies.
And therein negligent; or else a fool
And therein fasting, hast thou made me gaunt:
And therefore, since I cannot prove a lover,
And therefore, setting all this chat aside,
And therefore, personally I lay my claim
And therefore, in mine opinion, cannot have it:
And therefore, if you say no more than this,
And therefore, Tranio, for the time I study,
And therefore thou mayst think my 'havior light:
And therefore level not to hit their lives.
And therefore let me be thus bold with you
And therefore law shall scorn him further trial
And therefore is he idle?
And therefore here I mean to take my leave.
And therefore have I little talk'd of love;
And therefore hath the wind-swift Cupid wings.
And therefore has he closely mew'd her up,
And therefore frolic: we will hence forthwith,
And therefore frame your manners to the time.
And therefore fortify your hold, my lord.
And therefore comes my brother Montague.
And therefore cannot have the hearts to do it.
And therefore I'll uncrown him ere't be long.'
And therefore I'll uncrown him ere't be long.
And therefore I yield thee my free consent.
And therefore 'tis called a sensible tale: and this
And there's for twitting me with perjury.
And there they hull, expecting but the aid
And there the little souls of Edward's children
And there she shall at Friar Laurence' cell
And there repose you for this night.
And there receive her approbation:
And there present yourself and your fair princess,
And there it is in writing, fairly drawn.
And there die strangled ere my Romeo comes?
And there awake God's gentle-sleeping peace.
And there an end. But what say you to Thursday?
And there I stood amazed for a while,
And there I am. Where is my Romeo?
And then?
And then?
And then, to purge his fear, I'll be thy death.
And then, to dry them, gavest the duke a clout
And then, in speaking, not to incur the last,
And then, as we have ta'en the sacrament,
And then, I hope, thou wilt be satisfied.
And then with kind embracements, tempting kisses,
And then will I be general of your woes,
And then to have a wretched puling fool,
And then to dinner. You are passing welcome,
And then to crave a league of amity;
And then to Brittany I'll cross the sea,
And then take hands:
And then run mad indeed, stark mad! for all
And then return lamenting to my love.
And then pursue me as you draw your bow.
And then my husband--God be with his soul!
And then let Kate be chaste and Dian sportful!
And then in post he came from Mantua
And then hurl down their indignation
And then he sends you word
And then dreams he of smelling out a suit;
And then dreams he of cutting foreign throats,
And then down falls again.
And then deny her aiding hand therein,
And then betwixt me and my married wife.
And then begin again, and stop again,
And then be gone and trouble you no more.
And then awake as from a pleasant sleep.
And then I'll speak a little.
And then I'll set upon him.
And then I'll bring thee to the present business
And then I ran away to call the watch.
And then I know after who comes by the worst.
And then I came away.
And their true sovereign, whom they must obey?
And the true blood which peepeth fairly through't,
And the rarest that e'er came there.
And the rank poison of the old will die.
And the queen's sons and brothers haught and proud:
And the poor beetle, that we tread upon,
And the place death, considering who thou art,
And the nobility of Rome are his:
And the new deputy now for the duke--
And the most noble mother of the world
And the most merciless that e'er was heard of!
And the moon changes even as your mind.
And the gods doom him after!
And the ear-deafening voice o' the oracle,
And the dire death of my two sons and brothers?
And the desire of the nobles.
And the demesnes that there adjacent lie,
And the compact is firm and true in me.
And the buildings of my fancy: only
And the beholders of this tragic play,
And the Lord Hastings, who attended him
And that, by great injunctions, I am bound
And that's the wavering commons: for their love
And that's a wonder: fathers commonly
And that you will some good instruction give
And that you not delay the present, but,
And that you look'd for him this day in Padua.
And that you come to reprehend my ignorance.
And that will quickly dry thy melting tears.
And that which spites me more than all these wants,
And that we have a curse in having her:
And that unhappy king, my master, whom
And that to the infection of my brains
And that thy summer bred us no increase,
And that thou oft provokest; yet grossly fear'st
And that thou art so, there I throw my gage,
And that the trunk may be discharged of breath
And that the spoil got on the Antiates
And that the queen's kindred are made gentle-folks:
And that the people of this blessed land
And that the lean abhorred monster keeps
And that the Lord of Westmoreland shall maintain.
And that so lamely and unfashionable
And that small model of the barren earth
And that same vengeance doth he hurl on thee,
And that my path were even to the crown,
And that my master slew him.
And that my fortune rubs against the bias.
And that may be determined at the one
And that is, to enjoy thee for my love.
And that is more than I will yield unto:
And that his lady mourns at his disease:
And that his country's dearer than himself;
And that his bags shall prove.
And that he is a bastard, not thy son:
And that he does I weep: myself am Naples,
And that dead saint which then I weeping follow'd;
And that beyond commission, and I find it,
And that be heir to his unhappiness!
And that bare vowel 'I' shall poison more
And that a winged Mercury did bear:
And that I have possess'd him my most stay
And tent themselves with death. Of all the horses,
And ten to one is no impeach of valour.
And tells us, what occasion of import
And tell sad stories of the death of kings;
And tell me, then, have you not broke your oaths?
And tell me who is victor, York or Warwick?
And tell me now, sweet friend, what happy gale
And tell him where I stay: give the like notice
And tell him privily of our intent.
And tell false Edward, thy supposed king,
And tell 's a tale.
And teach me how to curse mine enemies!
And tapers burn'd to bedward!
And tamed the king, and made the dauphin stoop;
And takest it all for jest.
And takes her farewell of the glorious sun!
And take you by the hand; but then you'll think--
And take thy office from thee, on my peril.
And take the shame with joy.
And take the great-grown traitor unawares:
And take our leave, until we meet in heaven.
And take our friendly senators by the hands;
And take his thanks that yet hath nothing else.
And take her hence in horror.
And take her by the hand, whose worth and honesty
And take deep traitors for thy dearest friends!
And take a lodging fit to entertain
And swell so much the higher by their ebb.
And summon him to-morrow to the Tower,
And suffer'd me by the voice of slaves to be
And suck'd my verdure out on't. Thou attend'st not.
And such a one as he, who puts his 'shall,'
And struck him on his knee: in that day's feats,
And strip myself to death, as to a bed
And strew this hungry churchyard with thy limbs:
And strays about to find 'em.
And straight disclaim their tongues? What are
And straight am nothing: but whate'er I be,
And stops my tongue, while heart is drown'd in cares.
And stops he now for breath?
And stop the rising of blood-sucking sighs,
And stood against them, as the hope of Troy
And stole into the covert of the wood:
And stint thou too, I pray thee, nurse, say I.
And still, as you are weary of the weight,
And still to nose the offence.
And still rest thine. The storm begins; poor wretch,
And still is friend to him and Margaret:
And steep'd in blood? Ah, what an unkind hour
And steal immortal blessing from her lips,
And stay, good nurse, behind the abbey wall:
And stay thy lady too that lives in thee,
And state of bodies would bewray what life
And startled, when he look'd upon the Tower,
And stand upon my common part with those
And stand betwixt two churchmen, good my lord;
And stain'd the beauty of a fair queen's cheeks
And squarest thy life according. Thou'rt condemn'd:
And spurn upon thee, beggar, for thy boldness.
And spurn me back: but if it be not so,
And spur thee on with full as many lies
And spread they shall be, to thy foul disgrace
And spite of spite needs must I rest awhile.
And spit upon him, whilst I say he lies,
And spit it bleeding in his high disgrace,
And spies a far-off shore where he would tread,
And spend her strength with over-matching waves.
And speaking it, he wistly look'd on me,
And speak his very heart.
And speak I will; I am no child, no babe:
And soundly too: your houses!
And soothe the devil that I warn thee from?
And soon lie Richard in an earthly pit!
And soon I'll rid you from the fear of them.
And son unto the king, who, heavens directing,
And sometime comes she with a tithe-pig's tail
And some will mourn in ashes, some coal-black,
And some ten voices cried 'God save King Richard!'
And some few vanities that make him light;
And soar with them above a common bound.
And so, proud-hearted Warwick, I defy thee,
And so, my good lord mayor, we bid farewell.
And so, have at thee!
And so, good Capulet,--which name I tender
And so, I take my leave, and thank you both.
And so, God give you quiet rest to-night!
And so your follies fight against yourself.
And so will I.
And so we will, provided that he win her.
And so wast thou, Lord Hastings, when my son
And so was I: I'll bear you company.
And so to Tripoli, if God lend me life.
And so swear I, my lord
And so she shall; Lucentio shall make one,
And so shall starve with feeding. Come, let's go:
And so shall mine, before you touch the meat.
And so say I.
And so once more return and tell his grace.
And so offend him; for I tell you, sirs,
And so obsequious will thy father be,
And so most joyfully we take our leave.
And so it shall be so for Katharina.
And so it is: I wonder what it bodes.
And so it is received. Now, pious sir,
And so in progress to be hatch'd and born,
And so in me; and so, I think, in all:
And so he walks, insulting o'er his prey,
And so he vanish'd: then came wandering by
And so he thinks, and is no less apparent
And so he comes, to rend his limbs asunder.
And so have I, boy.
And so farewell. Katharina, you may stay;
And so farewell, Signior Lucentio.
And so doth mine: I muse why she's at liberty.
And so do I. Victorious Prince of York,
And so did I; and, to say the truth, so did very
And so did I:--Well, we were born to die.
And so did I.
And so did I.
And so deliver, I am put to sea
And so deep sticks it in my penitent heart
And so are like to do.
And so am come abroad to see the world.
And so I was; which plainly signified
And so I say, I'll cut the causes off,
And so I pray you all to think yourselves.
And so I chide the means that keeps me from it;
And so I am: then crushing penury
And smooth the frowns of war with peaceful looks.
And smilest upon the stroke that murders me.
And smell of calumny. I have begun,
And slew your fathers, and with colours spread
And slept above some fifteen year or more.
And sleeps again. This is that very Mab
And slaughter'd those that were the means to help him;
And six or seven winters more respect
And sits as one new-risen from a dream.
And sit thee by our side:
And since, methinks, I would not grow so fast,
And since you do profess to be a suitor,
And since that time it is eleven years;
And since mine eyes are witness of her lightness,
And sight-outrunning were not; the fire and cracks
And sigh'd my English breath in foreign clouds,
And shut the gates for safety of ourselves;
And shrieks like mandrakes' torn out of the earth,
And shrewd and froward, so beyond all measure
And shows good husbandry for the Volscian state,
And show'd thee all the qualities o' the isle,
And show no sign of fear.
And show more sign of her obedience,
And show fair duty to his majesty.
And shortly mean to touch our northern shore:
And ship from thence to Flanders.
And she, too desperate, would not go with me,
And she, there dead, that Romeo's faithful wife:
And she will speak most bitterly and strange.
And she was wean'd,--I never shall forget it,--
And she to him, to stay him not too long,
And she steal love's sweet bait from fearful hooks:
And she shall scant show well that now shows best.
And she shall be sole victress, Caesar's Caesar.
And she can have no more than all I have:
And she brings news; and every tongue that speaks
And she as much in love, her means much less
And shamefully by you my hopes are butcher'd.
And shamed life a hateful.
And shall the same give pardon to a slave?
And shall the figure of God's majesty,
And shall have your will, because our king:
And shall be absent. Wend you with this letter:
And shall I stand, and thou sit in my throne?
And shall I have?
And shake the yoke of inauspicious stars
And set up Lancaster. Why, trow'st thou, Warwick,
And set thy diadem upon my head;
And set the murderous Machiavel to school.
And serve it thus to me that love it not?
And sent you hither so unlike yourself?
And sent to warn them to his royal presence.
And sent me over by Berkeley, to discover
And sent according to command; whiles I
And sends allegiance and true faith of heart
And send them thither: but at hand, at hand,
And send them after to supply our wants;
And send the hearers weeping to their beds:
And send him many years of sunshine days!
And seized upon their towns and provinces.
And seize himself; I say not, slaughter him,
And seem'd to ask him sops as he was drinking.
And seem a saint, when most I play the devil.
And seek their ruin that usurp'd our right?
And seeing thou dost, I here divorce myself
And see you read no other lectures to her:
And see where comes the breeder of my sorrow!
And see what death is doing.
And see our pleasure herein executed.
And see our gentle queen how well she fares:
And see it instantly consumed with fire;
And see how one another lends content
And see how he will take it at your hands.
And see him seated in the regal throne.
And see him dress'd in all suits like a lady:
And see another, as I see thee now,
And seal the title with a lovely kiss!
And scarr'd the moon with splinters: here I clip
And says that once more I shall interchange
And says a wizard told him that by G
And say, what store of parting tears were shed?
And say, 'Lo, there is mad Petruchio's wife,
And say'st thou yet that exile is not death?
And say you would present her at the leet,
And say what thou seest yond.
And say she uttereth piercing eloquence:
And say poor Margaret was a prophetess!
And say it is the queen and her allies
And say 'Will't please your lordship cool your hands?'
And say 'What is't your honour will command,
And say 'Tis true,' I'ld not believe them more
And say 'Alas, it was a piteous deed!'
And saving those that eye thee!
And satisfy the deputy with the visage
And sails upon the bosom of the air.
And said, 'Dear brother, live, and be a king'?
And said 'Commend me to my valiant brother.'
And sack great Rome with Romans.
And rob me of a happy mother's name?
And rob his temples of the diadem,
And ride upon their backs; he trod the water,
And reverend looker on, of two fair queens.
And replant Henry in his former state.
And reason too:
And reason coldly of your grievances,
And rear it in the place your father's stands.
And razure of oblivion. Give me your hand,
And rather than it shall, I will be free
And rather proved the sliding of your brother
And rather like a dream than an assurance
And rapt in secret studies. Thy false uncle--
And rap me well, or I'll knock your knave's pate.
And raise his issue, like a loving sire;
And rails, and swears, and rates, that she, poor soul,
And rail upon the hostess of the house;
And rack thee in their fancies.
And quite lost their hearts: the nobles hath he fined
And quietness of the people, which before
And quench the fire, the room is grown too hot.
And quaff carouses to our mistress' health,
And put your trial in the villain's mouth
And put thy fortune to the arbitrement
And put on sullen black incontinent:
And punish them to your height of pleasure.
And pull'd the law upon you.
And proved the subject of my own soul's curse,
And promise them success and victory.
And private in his chamber pens himself,
And princess no worse issued.
And prince shall follow with a fresh supply.
And prick my tender patience, to those thoughts
And presently, when you have drawn your number,
And presently took post to tell it you:
And presently repair to Crosby Place;
And pray your mother's blessing. Turn, good lady;
And pray thee take this mercy to provide
And pray that I may repossess the crown.
And practise rhetoric in your common talk;
And power, unto itself most commendable,
And power i' the truth o' the cause.
And pluck'd two crutches from my feeble limbs,
And pluck the mangled Tybalt from his shroud?
And pluck nights from me, but not lend a morrow;
And pluck my magic garment from me. So:
And pluck it o'er your brows, muffle your face,
And play'd to take spectators. For behold me
And plant your joys in living Edward's throne.
And plague injustice with the pains of hell.
And place your hands below your husband's foot:
And pity 'tis you lived at odds so long.
And pitch our evils there? O, fie, fie, fie!
And piece the way out with a heavy heart.
And perish constant fools. Who is't can blame him?
And perform an old contracting.
And peg thee in his knotty entrails till
And pay you for your voices. 'Tis no matter;
And pay them when you part.
And pay no worship to the garish sun.
And patient underbearing of his fortune,
And patient fools,
And pass'd him unelected.
And pass my daughter a sufficient dower,
And part in just proportion our small strength.
And pardon, father, for I knew not thee!
And pardon us the interruption
And palm to palm is holy palmers' kiss.
And paint your face and use you like a fool.
And own no other function: each your doing,
And overmuch consumed his royal person:
And over-shine the earth as this the world.
And over the chair of state, where now he sits,
And our weak spirits ne'er been higher rear'd
And other books, good ones, I warrant ye.
And ostentation of despised arms?
And orphans for their parents timeless death--
And only that I stand for. I appeal
And only live by gazing.
And only in that safety died her brothers.
And only hitherward. I leave your honours.
And one whom much I honour.
And once again, a pot o' the smallest ale.
And once again proclaim us King of England.
And once again cry 'Charge upon our foes!'
And once again bestride our foaming steeds,
And on a safer judgment all revoke
And often up and down my sons were toss'd,
And offer me disguised in sober robes
And of their feather many more proud birds,
And of our labours thou shalt reap the gain.
And of his friends there, it is lots to blanks,
And occupations perish!
And now, to soothe your forgery and his,
And now, to add more measure to your woes,
And now, instead of mounting barded steeds
And now, dear maid, be you as free to us.
And now you know my meaning,
And now will I be Edward's champion.
And now what rests but, in night's coverture,
And now what rests but that we spend the time
And now to London with triumphant march,
And now to London all the crew are gone,
And now my tongue's use is to me no more
And now may seem as wise as virtuous,
And now in plainness do confess to thee,
And now in peace my soul shall part to heaven,
And now in England to our heart's great sorrow,
And now forthwith shall articles be drawn
And now falls on her bed; and then starts up,
And now changed to 'The Beggar and the King.'
And now by law, as well as reverend age,
And now baits me! This brat is none of mine;
And now I give my sensual race the rein:
And now I find report a very liar;
And now I cloy me with beholding it.
And nothing of your answer.
And nothing marted with him. If your lass
And nothing come in partial. Sir, he must die.
And nothing can we call our own but death
And not with such a cruel threatening look.
And not unluckily against the bias.
And not till then.
And not the punishment. Therefore indeed, my father,
And not the king exiled thee; or suppose
And not provoked by any suitor else;
And not our streets with war!
And not obedient to his honest will,
And not neglected; else, if heaven would,
And not my brother.
And not in me: I am myself alone.
And not impute this yielding to light love,
And not have cut him off. Some one hath set you on:
And not bewray thy treason with a blush?
And not be tied unto his brother's will.
And not be Richard that hath done all this.
And not against his friends; his noble hand
And not a tinker nor Christophero Sly.
And not a maiden, as thou say'st he is.
And not a jot of Tranio in your mouth:
And not a hair upon a soldier's head
And not King Richard; thou most beauteous inn,
And none of them been worn; and, for a name,
And none contented: sometimes am I king;
And none but fools do wear it; cast it off.
And nobleness impose: at least thus much:
And no worldly suit would he be moved,
And no way from yourselves. What do you think,
And no more words till they have flow'd their fill.
And next his throat unto the butcher's knife.
And never will I undertake the thing
And never will I rise up from the ground
And never trouble Peter for the matter.
And never to my red-look'd anger be
And never show thy head by day nor light.
And never seen thee, never borne thee son,
And never see day that the happy sees,
And never look upon thy face again.
And never in my life, I do protest,
And never from this palace of dim night
And never brandish more revengeful steel
And never borrow any tear of thee.
And neither heaven nor man grieve at the mercy.
And neither by treason nor hostility
And needly will be rank'd with other griefs,
And ne'er was Agamemnon's brother wrong'd
And ne'er have stol'n the breech from Lancaster.
And my pretext to strike at him admits
And my large kingdom for a little grave,
And must we be divided? must we part?
And must she die for this? O, let her live,
And must be buried but as an intent
And much effuse of blood doth make me faint.
And much I need to help you, if need were;
And mourn you for him: let him be regarded
And mountainous error be too highly heapt
And mothers that lack sons.
And most pernicious purpose! Seeming, seeming!
And most opportune to our need I have
And most desire should meet the blow of justice;
And most chirurgeonly.
And most assured that he is a friend
And mortal eyes cannot endure the devil.
And more inconstant than the wind, who wooes
And more he would have said, and more he spoke,
And more a friend than e'er an enemy;
And mock'd the dead bones that lay scatter'd by.
And minister correction to thy fault!
And mine, fair lady Bona, joins with yours.
And mine with hers, and thine, and Margaret's.
And meteors fright the fixed stars of heaven;
And merrily hent the stile-a:
And mercy then will breathe within your lips,
And men ne'er spend their fury on a child.
And men may talk of kings, and why not I?
And melancholy is the nurse of frenzy:
And meet me presently at Salisbury.
And meet me presently at Berkeley.
And meet him, were I tied to run afoot
And meaner than myself have had like fortune.
And mean to make her queen of England.
And me too, good Lord!
And may you prove, sir, master of your art!
And may not young men die, as well as old?
And may not wear them. O, here comes my nurse,
And may direct his course as please himself,
And marry sweet Bianca with consent.
And mark what way I make: come, good my lord.
And mark my greeting well; for what I speak
And mark how well the sequel hangs together:
And mar the seeds within! Lift up thy looks:
And many strokes, though with a little axe,
And many more of noble fame and worth:
And many giddy people flock to him.
And many an orphan's water-standing eye--
And many an old man's sigh and many a widow's,
And many a man there is, even at this present,
And mannerly distinguishment leave out
And manhood is call'd foolery, when it stands
And makes himself an artificial night:
And makes her pew-fellow with others' moan!
And makes a god of such a cullion:
And make, no doubt, us happy by his reign.
And make your channel his? If he have power
And make us wade even in our kindred's blood,
And make us lose the good we oft might win
And make triumphant fires; strew flowers before them:
And make thy weapon drop.
And make some pretty match with shedding tears?
And make pursuit where he did mean no chase.
And make poor England weep in streams of blood!
And make my wars on you: look to't: come on;
And make my misery serve thy turn: so use it
And make me happy in your unity.
And make me die the thrall of Margaret's curse,
And make him, naked, foil a man at arms.
And make him of like spirit to himself.
And make high majesty look like itself,
And make her bear the penance of her tongue?
And make her airy tongue more hoarse than mine,
And make conceive a bark of baser kind
And make bold power look pale--they threw their caps
And make assurance here in Padua
And make a dearth in this revolting land.
And madly play with my forefather's joints?
And made what work I pleased: 'tis not my blood
And made the forest tremble when they roar'd.
And made our footstool of security.
And made no deeper wounds? O flattering glass,
And made him to resign his crown perforce.
And made her widow to a woful bed?
And made between's by vows. Thou hast found mine;
And made an evening at the noontide prick.
And made a preachment of your high descent?
And made Verona's ancient citizens
And loving farewell of our several friends.
And loves not me, be you, good lord, assured
And lose advantage, which doth ever cool
And look'd upon things precious as they were
And look you get a prayer-book in your hand,
And look upon, as if the tragedy
And look to have it yielded with all willingness.
And long live thou and these thy forward sons!
And long live Henry, fourth of that name!
And long hereafter say unto his child,
And lo, where George of Clarence sweeps along,
And living too; for now his son is duke.
And lived by looking on his images:
And live you yet?
And live with Richmond, from the reach of hell
And little mouse, every unworthy thing,
And little look'd for at your helping hands.
And little Ned Plantagenet, his son?
And list what with our council we have done.
And like her most whose merit most shall be:
And light thee on thy way to Mantua:
And lies, and lies: there is my bond of faith,
And lie full low, graved in the hollow ground.
And liberty plucks justice by the nose;
And liberal largess, are grown somewhat light,
And level of my brain, plot-proof; but she
And let's be red with mirth.
And let thy blows, doubly redoubled,
And let them work. The nature of our people,
And let them die that age and sullens have;
And let their heirs, God, if thy will be so.
And let the subject see, to make them know
And let the soul forth that adoreth thee,
And let the nurse this night sit up with you;
And let our hearts and eyes, like civil war,
And let my woes frown on the upper hand.
And let mischance be slave to patience.
And let me use my sword, I'll make a quarry
And let me have them very well perfumed
And let me be a slave, to achieve that maid
And let it not displease thee, good Bianca,
And let it keep one shape, till custom make it
And let it be more than Alcides' twelve.
And let his manly face, which promiseth
And let him ne'er see joy that breaks that oath!
And let him learn to know, when maidens sue,
And let him be no kinsman to my liege,
And let go by the actor.
And let Bianca take her sister's room.
And lessen'd be that small, God, I beseech thee!
And left them
And left thee there; where thou didst vent thy groans
And left thee but a very prey to time;
And left me to a bootless inquisition,
And leave your brothers to go speed elsewhere.
And leave you to your graver steps. Hermione,
And leave you to the hearing of the cause;
And leave you naked.
And leave the world for me to bustle in!
And leave the burthen of it all on thee.
And leave out thee? stay, dog, for thou shalt hear me.
And leave not one alive, I live in hell.
And leave me but the bran.' What say you to't?
And leave him all; life, living, all is Death's.
And learn to make a body of a limb.
And learn this lesson, draw thy sword in right.
And learn me how to lose a winning match,
And lean-look'd prophets whisper fearful change;
And lead you even to death: meantime forbear,
And lead thy daughter to a conqueror's bed;
And lay those honours on your high deserts.
And lay the summer's dust with showers of blood
And lay aside my high blood's royalty,
And lastly, to confirm that amity
And lasting fealty to the new-made king.
And lands restored again be freely granted:
And lack of temper'd judgment afterward.
And laboured all I could to do him right;
And know their spring, their head, their
And know not now what name to call myself!
And know how we proceed.
And knew no other kin.
And kiss'd her lips with such a clamorous smack
And kiss your princely nephew, brothers both.
And kiss me, Kate, we will be married o'Sunday.
And kingly government of this your land,
And kept low shrubs from winter's powerful wind.
And keep your honours safe!
And keep their teeth clean.
And keep her at my cell till Romeo come;
And joy that thou becomest King Henry's friend.
And joy comes well in such a needy time:
And it mis-sheathed in my daughter's bosom!
And it in you more dreadful would have seem'd
And it I will have, or I will have none.
And issue forth and bid them battle straight.
And is this all?
And is the bride and bridegroom coming home?
And is it not well served in to a sweet goose?
And is Aufidius with him? You are they
And interjoin their issues. So with me:
And interchangeably set down their hands,
And interchangeably hurl down my gage
And indeed, sir, there are cozeners abroad;
And in thy thought o'er-run my former time;
And in thy need such comfort come to thee
And in this vow do chain my soul to thine!
And in this thought they find a kind of ease,
And in this state she gallops night by night
And in this seat of peace tumultuous wars
And in this resolution here we leave you.--
And in this covert will we make our stand,
And in this borrow'd likeness of shrunk death
And in their triumph die, like fire and powder,
And in the witness of his proper ear,
And in the very pangs of death he cried,
And in the vapour of my glory smother'd.
And in the towns, as they do march along,
And in the taste confounds the appetite:
And in the stocks avouch it.
And in the sentence my own life destroy'd.
And in the power of us the tribunes, we,
And in the duke's behalf I'll give my voice,
And in the brunt of seventeen battles since
And in the breath of bitter words let's smother
And in that shame still live my sorrow's rage.
And in that quarrel use it to the death.
And in that hope I throw mine eyes to heaven,
And in possession twenty thousand crowns.
And in no sense is meet or amiable.
And in my temper soften'd valour's steel!
And in my loyal bosom lies his power.
And in my house you shall be friendly lodged:
And in my heart the strong and swelling evil
And in it are the Lords of York, Berkeley, and Seymour;
And in his wisdom hastes our marriage,
And in his parties, his alliance; let him be
And in his needy shop a tortoise hung,
And in his full and ripen'd years himself,
And in her most unmitigable rage,
And in devotion spend my latter days,
And in conclusion wins the king from her,
And in conclusion she shall watch all night:
And in compassion weep the fire out;
And in Apollos name, his oracle.
And ill-beseeming semblance for a feast.
And if you crown him, let me prophesy:
And if you cannot, best you stop your ears.
And if you break the ice and do this feat,
And if we be, how dare thy joints forget
And if thy poor devoted suppliant may
And if thou tell'st the heavy story right,
And if thou fail us, all our hope is done:
And if thine eyes can water for his death,
And if they fall, they dash themselves to pieces.
And if the boy have not a woman's gift
And if she chance to nod I'll rail and brawl
And if no gentleman, why then no arms.
And if he hear thee, thou wilt anger him.
And if he chance to speak, be ready straight
And if King Edward be as true and just
And if I were thy nurse, thy tongue to teach,
And if I die, no soul shall pity me:
And if I die to-morrow, this is hers,
And if I be, sir, is it any offence?
And hung their rotten coffins up in chains,
And humbly beg the death upon my knee.
And hum at good Cominius, much unhearts me.
And hugg'd me in his arm, and kindly kiss'd my cheek;
And hug it in mine arms.
And how she's like to be Lucentio's wife.
And how she was beguiled and surprised,
And how shall we continue Claudio,
And how my men will stay themselves from laughter
And hope to joy is little less in joy
And hold you ever to our special drift;
And hither shall he come: and he and I
And hither have they sent it for her ransom.
And hither come in't: go, hence with diligence!
And his well-chosen bride.
And his to me:
And his pure soul unto his captain Christ,
And his pond fish'd by his next neighbour, by
And his physicians fear him mightily.
And his old hate unto you; besides, forget not
And his offence is so, as it appears,
And his ill-boding tongue no more shall speak.
And his great person perish.
And his enforcement of the city wives;
And his contract by deputy in France;
And his brave son being twain.
And hire those horses; I'll be with thee straight.
And hire post-horses; I will hence to-night.
And him he play'd it for, he needs will be
And hide the false seems true.
And hide me with a dead man in his shroud;
And hews down oaks with rushes. Hang ye! Trust Ye?
And hereabouts he dwells,--which late I noted
And here, to pledge my vow, I give my hand.
And here's to right our gentle-hearted king.
And here's the heart that triumphs in their death
And here was left by the sailors. Thou, my slave,
And here she stands, touch her whoever dare;
And here remain with your uncertainty!
And here receive we from our father Stanley
And here is not a creature but myself,
And here is come to do some villanous shame
And here he writes that he did buy a poison
And here he comes.
And here have I the daintiness of ear
And here comes Claudio's pardon.
And here I'll fling the pillow, there the bolster,
And here I take the unfeigned oath,
And here I stand, both to impeach and purge
And her withholds from me and other more,
And her immortal part with angels lives.
And henceforth I am thy true servitor:
And help to dress your sister's chamber up:
And help to arm me. Leave me, I say.
And help the joy.
And held in idle price to haunt assemblies
And heavy-gaited toads lie in their way,
And heaven's artillery thunder in the skies?
And hearten those that fight in your defence:
And hear your mother's lamentation!
And hear the sentence of your moved prince.
And heap'd sedition on his crown at home.
And he, that suffer's. O, it is excellent
And he, and more
And he's as like to do't as any man I can imagine.
And he would love me dearly as his child.
And he will make the face of heaven so fine
And he whose wife is most obedient
And he to yours, and all of you to God's!
And he that will not fight for such a hope.
And he that throws not up his cap for joy
And he that slew them fouler than he is:
And he that hath commanded is the king.
And he that got it, sentenced; a young man
And he supposes me travell'd to Poland;
And he shall think that thou, which know'st the way
And he shall spend mine honour with his shame,
And he shall signify from time to time
And he shall pardon thee these outrages.
And he shall marry her: the nuptial finish'd,
And he shall feel mine edge.
And he shall be Vincentio of Pisa;
And he our subjects' next degree in hope.
And he nor sees nor hears us what we say.
And he may fetch him.
And he knew my deceased father well.
And he himself wander'd away alone,
And he himself not present? O, forfend it, God,
And have you nuns no farther privileges?
And have prevail'd as much on him as you.
And have prepared great store of wedding cheer;
And have no vigour in them.
And have forsworn you with Hortensio.
And hath bereft thee of thy life too late!
And hate the idle pleasures of these days.
And haste is needful in this desperate case.
And hast the comfort of thy children left thee:
And harsh in sound to thine.
And harmful pity must be laid aside.
And hark, what noise the general makes! To him!
And hardly kept our countrymen together,
And hardening of my brows.
And happy always was it for that son
And happily we might be interrupted.
And happily I have arrived at the last
And hangs on Dian's temple: dear Valeria!
And hang it round with all my wanton pictures:
And handed love as you do, I was wont
And half our sailors swallow'd in the flood?
And hale him up and down, all swearing, if
And had the tribute of his supple knee,
And had no welcomes home: but he returns,
And had he match'd according to his state,
And grieve to hear't.
And grating shock of wrathful iron arms,
And gracious be the issue!
And graceless traitor to her loving lord?
And graced thy poor sire with his bridal-day,
And good supporters are you.
And go, Sir Paris; every one prepare
And go we, brothers, to the man that took him,
And gladly shunn'd who gladly fled from me.
And given unto the house of York such head
And given to Lartius and to Marcius battle:
And given me justice, justice, justice, justice!
And given in earnest what I begg'd in jest.
And given his deputation all the organs
And give't me in mine ear.
And give us notice of his inclination:
And give them leave to fly that will not stay;
And give them friendly welcome every one:
And give sweet passage to my sinful soul!
And give my tongue-tied sorrows leave to speak.
And give more strength to that which hath too much,
And give me leave,
And give it way: I know thou canst not choose.
And give him from me this most needful scroll.
And give assurance to Baptista Minola,
And gentlewomen wear such caps as these
And gentle, kind, effeminate remorse,
And general honour.
And gave him what becomed love I might,
And gave him graceful posture.
And gasping to begin some speech, her eyes
And gape at widest to glut him.
And future ages groan for this foul act;
And furbish new the name of John a Gaunt,
And full as oft came Edward to my side,
And frowning brow to brow, ourselves will hear
And frown upon 's.
And from your sacred vials pour your graces
And from this testimony of your own sex,--
And from the cross-row plucks the letter G.
And from the common'st creature pluck a glove,
And from the bishop's huntsmen rescued him;
And from that torment I will free myself,
And from my soul too;
And from my heart's love I do thank thee for it.
And from her womb children of divers kind
And from her jealous arms pluck him perforce.
And fright our native peace with self-born arms.
And free from other misbegotten hate,
And free access and favour as the rest:
And frantic outrage, end thy damned spleen;
And frame your mind to mirth and merriment,
And frame my face to all occasions.
And four shall quickly draw out my command,
And formally, according to our law,
And forced to live in Scotland a forlorn;
And force the tyrant from his seat by war.
And for your love to her lead apes in hell.
And for your grace; and you, my noble lords.
And for your brother, he was lately sent
And for we think the eagle-winged pride
And for thy maintenance commits his body
And for this once my will shall stand for law.
And for these great affairs do ask some charge,
And for the love he beareth to your daughter
And for that offence
And for that name which is no part of thee
And for our eyes do hate the dire aspect
And for my sister and her princely sons,
And for his meed, poor lord, he is mew'd up.
And for his dreams, I wonder he is so fond
And for because the world is populous
And for Rome's good. I'll tell thee what; yet go:
And for I know she taketh most delight
And follows close the rigour of the statute,
And follow to thine answer.
And follow thee my lord throughout the world.
And follow Marcius.
And flourishes his blade in spite of me.
And flourish'd after, I'ld not do't; but since
And fled, as he hears since, to Burgundy.
And flecked darkness like a drunkard reels
And flaky darkness breaks within the east.
And five years since there was some speech of marriage
And fit his mind to death, for his soul's rest.
And first-fruits of my body, from his presence
And fire-eyed fury be my conduct now!
And finds the testy gentleman so hot,
And finding him, the searchers of the town,
And find delight writ there with beauty's pen;
And fill'd with honour, to my kingly guest
And fight and die is death destroying death;
And fetch shrill echoes from the hollow earth.
And fellow'st nothing: then 'tis very credent
And fell below his stem: his sword, death's stamp,
And feebling such as stand not in their liking
And feast upon her eyes? What is't I dream on?
And fearless minds climb soonest unto crowns.
And fearfully did menace me with death,
And fear'st to die? famine is in thy cheeks,
And fawn on rage with base humility,
And favour of the climate. As by strange fortune
And far surmounts our labour to attain it.
And fall upon the ground, as I do now,
And fall somewhat into a slower method,
And executing the outward face of royalty,
And every tongue brings in a several tale,
And every thing is left at six and seven.
And every tale condemns me for a villain.
And every hour more competitors
And every drop cries vengeance for his death,
And every day I cannot come to woo.
And even here brake off, and came away.
And ere thou bid good night, to quit their griefs,
And ere this hand, by thee to Romeo seal'd,
And entertain some score or two of tailors,
And entertain a cheerful disposition.
And either victory, or else a grave.
And egally indeed to all estates,--
And each one to his office when he wakes.
And duty bids defend; the other again
And durst not once peep out.
And dull unfeeling barren ignorance
And dull to all proceedings. A deflower'd maid!
And drop into the rotten mouth of death.
And driven into despair an enemy's hope,
And drink it off; and, if you had the strength
And downright languish'd. Leave me solely: go,
And doves will peck in safeguard of their brood.
And doubt you not, right noble princes both,
And doth it give me such a sight as this?
And doleful dumps the mind oppress,
And do you tell me of a woman's tongue,
And do thee favours with my royal hands.
And do not say 'tis superstition, that
And do not interrupt me in my course.
And do not call them bastards.
And do my spiriting gently.
And do him right that, answering one foul wrong,
And do expect him here some two hours hence.
And do as adversaries do in law,
And dispossessing all my other parts
And disinherited thine only son.
And die, ere men can say, God save the queen!
And die in bands for this unmanly deed!
And die among our neighbours. Nay, behold 's:
And did supply thee at thy garden-house
And descant on mine own deformity:
And deck my body in gay ornaments,
And death, not Romeo, take my maidenhead!
And death's pale flag is not advanced there.
And death unloads thee. Friend hast thou none;
And darts his light through every guilty hole,
And dart not scornful glances from those eyes,
And dares him to set forward to the fight.
And dangerous success of bloody wars,
And damnable ingrateful: nor was't much,
And dallies with the wind and scorns the sun.
And daily new exactions are devised,
And curse that justice did it.
And cry 'O Clarence, my unhappy son!'
And cry 'Content' to that which grieves my heart,
And cruel death hath catch'd it from my sight!
And crossly to thy good all fortune goes.
And cried 'A crown, or else a glorious tomb!
And creep into it far before thy time?
And credulous to false prints.
And craves your company for speedy counsel.
And craves to kiss your hand and take his leave.
And craves no other tribute at thy hands
And cracking the strong warrant of an oath,
And cowardly nobles, gave way unto your clusters,
And couple Clowder with the deep--mouth'd brach.
And could not get him for my heart to do it.
And copy of the father, eye, nose, lip,
And consequently, like a traitor coward,
And come to Padua, careless of your life?
And come some other time to know our mind.
And come now to create you Duke of York.
And come again to me; who, on my life,
And cloister thee in some religious house:
And clap thyself my love: then didst thou utter
And cited up a thousand fearful times,
And choke your good to come; for his possessions,
And chiefly therefore I thank God and thee;
And chides the sea that sunders him from thence,
And cheers these hands that slew thy sire and brother
And cheer his grace with quick and merry words.
And chattering pies in dismal discords sung.
And charges him my lord, with such a time
And charged us from his soul to love each other,
And carry with us ears and eyes for the time,
And cannot say, you dare not. Good Camillo,
And cannot now accept; to grace him only
And cannot lose your way.
And cannot live but to thy shame, unless
And came I not at last to comfort you?
And call'd it Rougemont: at which name I started,
And call us wretches, orphans, castaways
And call them pillars that will stand to us;
And call me father? better burn it now
And call him noble that was now your hate,
And call him 'madam,' do him obeisance.
And by their vehement instigation,
And by the worth and honour of himself,
And by the second hour in the morning
And by the royalties of both your bloods,
And by the hope I have of heavenly bliss,
And by the honourable tomb he swears,
And by the buried hand of warlike Gaunt,
And by the bright track of his fiery car,
And by that loss your daughter is made queen.
And by my father's love and leave am arm'd
And by my body's action teach my mind
And by his rare example made the coward
And by good testimony, or I'll seize thy life,
And by good fortune I have lighted well
And by and by my master drew on him;
And by an eminent body that enforced
And but thou love me, let them find me here:
And but one word with one of us? couple it with
And but attended by a simple guard,
And bury all, which yet distinctly ranges,
And burns me up with flames that tears would quench.
And burn sweet wood to make the lodging sweet:
And burn in many places; on the topmast,
And buried, gentle Tyrrel?
And buried once, why not upon my head?
And brought your prisoner to your palace gate.
And brought from thence the Thracian fatal steeds,
And brought desired help from Burgundy:
And bring you from a wild Kate to a Kate
And bring thy news so late?
And bring thee cords made like a tackled stair;
And bring our horses unto Long-lane end;
And bring in cloudy night immediately.
And bring him up to liking.
And bring away the armour that is there.
And bring along these rascal knaves with thee?
And brief, good mother; for I am in haste.
And breathed such life with kisses in my lips,
And brave attendants near him when he wakes,
And bow'd her hand to teach her fingering;
And bow my knee before his majesty:
And bound I am to Padua; there to visit
And both the princes had been breathing here,
And both return back to their chairs again:
And both preposterous; therefore, not 'good lord.'
And both are ready in their offices,
And bonny Kate and sometimes Kate the curst;
And blown with restless violence round about
And blow it to the source from whence it came:
And bloody steel grasp'd in their ireful hands,
And blister you all o'er!
And blindfold death not let me see my son.
And bleat the one at the other: what we changed
And bite thy tongue, that slanders him with cowardice
And birth, that thou shouldst stand while Lewis doth sit.
And bids me speak of nothing but despair.
And bid us welcome to your sheep-shearing,
And bid them bring the trumpets to the gate;
And bid thee battle, Edward, if thou darest.
And bid my friend, for joy of this good news,
And bid my cousin Ferdinand come hither:
And bid me stand aloof, and so I did:
And bid his ears a little while be deaf,
And bid him come to take his last farewell.
And bid her, mark you me, on Wednesday next--
And bid her hasten all the house to bed,
And bid her dry her weeping eyes therewith.
And bid Bianca make her ready straight;
And betwixt them and my lord chamberlain;
And better used, would make her sainted spirit
And better 'twere you troubled him than France.
And better 'twere that both of us did fast,
And bestial appetite in change of lust;
And being thus frighted swears a prayer or two
And being seated, and domestic broils
And being but a toy, which is no grief to give.
And begin, 'Why to me?'
And beg your pardon: pardon, I beseech you!
And beg thy pardon ere he do accuse thee.
And beat the messenger who bids beware
And beat our watch, and rob our passengers;
And bear with mildness my misfortune's cross;
And bear this work of heaven with patience:
And bear the sow-skin budget,
And bear the palm for having bravely shed
And bear his charging of wooing, whatsoe'er.
And bear him to the rock.
And be you silent and attentive too,
And be you kings, command, and I'll obey.
And be true king indeed, thou but the shadow.
And be thy wife--if any be so mad--
And be not peevish-fond in great designs.
And be not fix'd in doom perpetual,
And be not easily won to our request:
And be it moon, or sun, or what you please:
And be inheritor of thy desire.
And be in Padua here Vincentio's son,
And be a happy mother by the deed.
And bashful Henry deposed, whose cowardice
And barbarism itself have pitied him.
And banish hence these abject lowly dreams.
And balms applied to, you, yet dare I never
And bakes the elflocks in foul sluttish hairs,
And bad'st me bury love.
And awful rule and right supremacy;
And at the other is my servant Catesby
And at that sight shall sad Apollo weep,
And ask'd the mayor what meant this wilful silence:
And ask the Lady Bona for thy queen:
And ask him what apparel he will wear;
And as the sun breaks through the darkest clouds,
And as the air blows it to me again,
And as for you yourself, our quondam queen,
And as for Clarence, as my letters tell me,
And as I truly fight, defend me heaven!
And as I truly fight, defend me heaven!
And art thou yet to thy own soul so blind,
And art thou changed? pronounce this sentence then,
And arms her with the boldness of a wife
And are upon the Mediterranean flote,
And apprehend thee for a felon here.
And an old hare hoar,
And ample interchange of sweet discourse,
And am to Padua come, as he that leaves
And am I then a man to be beloved?
And am I last that knows it? O, thou think'st
And am I guerdon'd at the last with shame?
And almost shoulder'd in the swallowing gulf
And all your southern gentlemen in arms
And all your northern castles yielded up,
And all unlook'd for from your highness' mouth:
And all too soon, I fear, the king shall rue.
And all those twenty could but kill one life.
And all those friends that deign to follow me.
And all this day an unaccustom'd spirit
And all things shall be well, I warrant thee, wife:
And all things change them to the contrary.
And all things answerable to this portion.
And all their ministers attend on him.
And all the unlook'd for issue of their bodies,
And all the trouble thou hast turn'd me to?
And all the ruins of distressful times
And all the rest revolted faction traitors?
And all the rest o' the fleet.
And all the pleasures you usurp are mine.
And all the number of his fair demands
And all the household servants fled with him
And all the devils are here.'
And all the clouds that lour'd upon our house
And all the better is it for the maid:
And all that poets feign of bliss and joy.
And all probation will make up full clear,
And all my pains is sorted to no proof.
And all my fortunes at thy foot I'll lay
And all my followers to the eager foe
And all my armour laid into my tent?
And all his lands and goods be confiscate.
And all good men of this ungovern'd isle.
And all goes worse than I have power to tell.
And all eyes else dead coals! Fear thou no wife;
And all combined, save what thou must combine
And all at once, once more a happy farewell.
And aid thee in this doubtful shock of arms:
And afterward by substitute betroth'd
And after that trust to thee.
And after me, I know, the rout is coming.
And after many scorns, many foul taunts,
And affecting one sole throne,
And added years to his short banishment,
And a petition granted them, a strange one--
And a half, sir.
And a good lady, and a wise and virtuous
And Warwick, doing what you gave in charge,
And Warwick shall disprove it. You forget
And Warwick rages like a chafed bull:
And Walter's dagger was not come from sheathing:
And Tybalt's dead, that would have slain my husband:
And Tybalt calls; and then on Romeo cries,
And Titus Lartius, a most valiant Roman,
And Somerset, with Oxford fled to her:
And Somerset another goodly mast?
And Romeo dead; and Juliet, dead before,
And Roman Lucrece for her chastity:
And Richard but a ragged fatal rock?
And Rice ap Thomas with a valiant crew;
And Prospero the prime duke, being so reputed
And Peter Turph and Henry Pimpernell
And Paris too. Come, I'll dispose of thee
And Nero will be tainted with remorse,
And Montague our topmost; what of him?
And Lewis a prince soon won with moving words.
And Juliet bleeding, warm, and newly dead,
And I,--like one lost in a thorny wood,
And I, with grief and sorrow, to the court.
And I, who at his hands received my life, him
And I, to sound the depth of this knavery.
And I, to make thee mad, do mock thee thus.
And I, to keep all this.
And I, the hapless male to one sweet bird,
And I, that haply take them from him now,
And I, my lord, will bear him company.
And I, in such a desperate bay of death,
And I, as I love Hastings with my heart!
And I, a gasping new-deliver'd mother,
And I, I hope, shall reconcile them all.
And I'll still stay, to have thee still forget,
And I'll say nothing.
And I'll salute your grace of York as mother,
And I'll renew me in his fall. But, hark!
And I'll not wish thee to her.
And I'll no longer be a Capulet.
And I'll keep London with my soldiers.
And I'll corrupt her manners, stain her beauty;
And I'll believe thee.
And I'll be sworn you would believe my saying,
And I'll be chief to bring him down again:
And I would have it suddenly perform'd.
And I with tears do wash the blood away.
And I wish, my liege,
And I will turn thy falsehood to thy heart,
And I will take thy word: yet if thou swear'st,
And I will stand the hazard of the die:
And I will speak, that so my heart may burst.
And I will send you to my brother Gloucester,
And I will pamper it with lamentations.
And I will make thee think thy swan a crow.
And I will love thee, and prefer thee too.
And I will do it without fear or doubt,
And I unto the sea from whence I came.
And I unjustly too, must grant it you
And I to Norfolk with my followers.
And I this.
And I the rather wean me from despair
And I the house of York.
And I shall.
And I seeing this came thence for very shame;
And I resign my gage. My dear dear lord,
And I nothing to back my suit at all,
And I myself secure in grace and favour.
And I must find that title in your tongue,
And I in better state than e'er I was.
And I in all unwillingness will go.
And I have thrust myself into this maze,
And I had rather glib myself than they
And I from heaven banish'd as from hence!
And I forgive and quite forget old faults,
And I for winking at your discords too
And I for my escape have put on his;
And I for comfort have but one false glass,
And I expressly am forbid to touch it,
And I do hope good days and long to see.
And I did yield to him: but the next morn betimes,
And I could sing, would weeping do me good,
And I could laugh, I am light and heavy. Welcome.
And I confess besides I am no maid:
And I choose Clarence only for protector.
And I challenge law: attorneys are denied me;
And I but dream'd it. As you were past all shame,--
And I believe twill never stand upright
And I am tied to be obedient;
And I am struck with sorrow. Take him up.
And I am ready to put armour on.'
And I am ready to put armour on.
And I am proof against their enmity.
And I am one that love Bianca more
And I am nothing slow to slack his haste.
And I am mean indeed, respecting you.
And I am going with instruction to him.
And I am faint and cannot fly their fury:
And I am constant. Titus Lartius, thou
And I am come to seek that name in England;
And Henry is my king, Warwick his subject.
And Henry but usurps the diadem.
And He that might the vantage best have took
And Hastings as he favours Edward's cause!
And God, not we, hath plagued thy bloody deed.
And George, of Clarence: Warwick, as ourself,
And Gabriel's pumps were all unpink'd i' the heel;
And Edward, my poor son, at Tewksbury.
And Cytherea all in sedges hid,
And Buckingham, back'd with the hardy Welshmen,
And Bolingbroke my sorrow's dismal heir:
And Anne my wife hath bid the world good night.
And 'twixt them rushes; underneath whose arm
And 'twill be supper-time ere you come there.
And 'twere the cheaper way:
And 'twas time for him too, I'll warrant him that:
And 'tis my hope to end successfully.
And  
Ancient damnation! O most wicked fiend!
Anchors on Isabel: Heaven in my mouth,
An't please your honour, players
An't please you, sir, to undertake the business for
An you re us and fa us, you note us.
An you be mine, I'll give you to my friend;
An yet, for all his wings, the fool was drown'd.
An undergoing stomach, to bear up
An she agree, within her scope of choice
An outward honour for an inward toil;
An open et caetera, thou a poperin pear!
An onion will do well for such a shift,
An old hare hoar,
An old Italian fox is not so kind, my boy.
An offer, uncle, that we will accept:
An oath is of no moment, being not took
An o'er-press'd Roman and i' the consul's view
An it had not fallen flat-long.
An if you please to call it a rush-candle,
An if you leave me so, you do me wrong.
An if thou couldst, thou couldst not make him live;
An if they live, I hope I need not fear.
An if my word be sterling yet in England,
An if he may, then am I lawful king;
An if I live until I be a man,
An if I do not, may my hands rot off
An hypocrite, a virgin-violator;
An hour since: Cleomenes and Dion,
An hour but married, Tybalt murdered,
An hour before I came, the duchess died.
An honourable husband. Come, Camillo,
An honour! were not I thine only nurse,
An honest tale speeds best being plainly told.
An he had been cannibally given, he might have
An eye-sore to our solemn festival!
An evident calamity, though we had
An envious thrust from Tybalt hit the life
An easy task; 'tis but to love a king.
An easy task it is to win our own.
An earnest advocate to plead for him.
An angry arm against His minister.
An ancient angel coming down the hill,
An alligator stuff'd, and other skins
An affable and courteous gentleman:
An advocate for an imposter! hush!
An a' speak any thing against me, I'll take him
An I were so apt to quarrel as thou art, any man
An I might live to see thee married once,
An 'twere to give again,--but 'tis no matter.
Amongst your cloven army.
Amongst this princely heap, if any here,
Amongst the loving Welshmen canst procure,
Amongst much other talk, that very time,
Among them know you one Vincentio?
Among the infinite doings of the world,
Among fresh female buds shall you this night
Among a sisterhood of holy nuns:
Amity too, of your brave father, whom,
Amen.
Amen.
Amen.
Amen.
Amen, sir: to my poor unworthy notice,
Amen, say we: we will be witnesses.
Amen, amen. God save thee, noble consul!
Amen, amen.
Amen, amen! but come what sorrow can,
Amen!
Ambitious York doth level at thy crown,
Am starved for meat, giddy for lack of sleep,
Am heir to my affection.
Am come to crave thy just and lawful aid;
Am bold to show myself a forward guest
Am I; who ready here do stand in arms,
Am I your bird? I mean to shift my bush;
Am I the master here, or you? go to.
Am I not wise?
Am I like such a fellow?
Am I but three inches? why, thy horn is a foot; and
Am I both priest and clerk? well then, amen.
Am I a lord? and have I such a lady?
Always obedient to your grace's will,
Although thy husband may be Menelaus;
Although they were flesh'd villains, bloody dogs,
Although the print be little, the whole matter
Although by confiscation they are ours,
Although apparent guilt be seen in them;
Although I think 'twas in another sense;
Already; and, as I hear, the provost hath
Alone, in company, still my care hath been
Alone I fought in your Corioli walls,
Alone I did it. Boy!
Almost at point to enter.
Almost as like as eggs; women say so,
Allowing him a breath, a little scene,
Allow their officers and are content
Allot thee for his lovely bed-fellow!
Allaying both their fury and my passion
Alla stoccata carries it away.
All:
All:
All:
All:
All:
All:
All:
All:
All:
All:
All:
All:
All:
All:
All:
All:
All:
All:
All:
All-hallond eve.
All's well; and might have been much better, if
All's true that is mistrusted: that false villain
All will be naught else.
All which secure and sweetly he enjoys,
All unavoided is the doom of destiny.
All tongues to talk their bitterest.
All tongues speak of him, and the bleared sights
All to the senate-house: some news is come
All this we swear.
All this is true.
All this is comfort; wherefore weep I then?
All this from my remembrance brutish wrath
All this divided York and Lancaster,
All this I know; and to the marriage
All things that we ordained festival,
All things is ready. How near is our master?
All things in common nature should produce
All thin and naked, to the numb cold night?
All these well furnish'd by the Duke of Bretagne
All these the enemies to our poor bark.
All their petitions are as freely theirs
All the contagion of the south light on you,
All that you speak shows fair.
All that which Henry Fifth had gotten?
All that are his so too. To do this deed,
All springs reduce their currents to mine eyes,
All souls that will be safe fly from my side,
All slain, all dead. 'Romeo is banished!'
All several sins, all used in each degree,
All seeing heaven, what a world is this!
All sects, all ages smack of this vice; and he
All scatter'd in the bottom of the sea:
All ready; and therefore, I pray thee, news.
All pomp and majesty I do forswear;
All points of my command.
All places yield to him ere he sits down;
All places that the eye of heaven visits
All night for lesser cause, and ne'er been sick.
All must be even in our government.
All murder'd: for within the hollow crown
All mine own folly--the society,
All men, I hope, live so.
All may be well; but, if God sort it so,
All lost! to prayers, to prayers! all lost!
All in gore-blood; I swounded at the sight.
All in Bohemia's well; this satisfaction
All hurt behind; backs red, and faces pale
All houses in the suburbs of Vienna must be plucked down.
All hail, my sovereign liege!
All hail, great master! grave sir, hail! I come
All forsworn, all naught, all dissemblers.
All for our vantage. Then, in God's name, march:
All for my master's sake, Lucentio.
All faults I make, when I shall come to know them,
All exercise on thee; thou shalt be pinch'd
All comfort that the dark night can afford
All circumstances well considered.
All cause unborn, could never be the motive
All but the base.
All books of love, see that at any hand;
All bond and privilege of nature, break!
All The People:
All The Lords:
All Conspirators:
All Conspirators:
All Citizens:
Alive, in triumph! and Mercutio slain!
Alike betwitched by the charm of looks,
Alexander. What he bids be done is finished with
Albeit against my conscience and my soul.
Alas, you three, on me, threefold distress'd,
Alas, you know, 'tis far from hence to France;
Alas, why would you heap these cares on me?
Alas, the part I had in Woodstock's blood
Alas, that love, whose view is muffled still,
Alas, that love, so gentle in his view,
Alas, that Warwick had no more forecast,
Alas, poor soul!
Alas, poor man! a million of beating may come to a
Alas, poor duke! the task he undertakes
Alas, poor Clarence! is it for a wife
Alas, my liege, my wife is dead to-night;
Alas, it hath been great pains to you. They do you
Alas, how can we for our country pray.
Alas, alas! Help, help! my lady's dead!
Alas, alas!
Alas, alas!
Alas, I look'd when some of you should say,
Alas, I blame you not; for you are mortal,
Alas, I am the mother of these moans!
Alas, I am not coop'd here for defence!
Alas! what poor ability's in me
Alas! sir, it is worse for me than so;
Alas! how should you govern any kingdom,
Alas! good Kate, I will not burden thee;
Alas! for whose sake did I that ill deed?
Alas poor York! but that I hate thee deadly,
Alas poor Romeo! he is already dead; stabbed with a
Alas for both, both mine, Edward and Clarence!
Alack. I love myself. Wherefore?  for any good
Alack, why am I sent for to a king,
Alack, what trouble
Alack, there lies more peril in thine eye
Alack, poor soul! thou hast need of more rags to lay
Alack, poor Richard! where rode he the whilst?
Alack, my lord, that fault is none of yours;
Alack, for pity!
Alack, for mercy!
Alack, for lesser knowledge! how accursed
Alack, and what shall good old York there see
Alack, alack, what blood is this, which stains
Alack, alack, that heaven should practise stratagems
Alack, alack, is it not like that I,
Alack the day, she's dead, she's dead, she's dead!
Alack the day! he's gone, he's kill'd, he's dead!
Al'ce madam, or Joan madam?
Airy succeeders of intestate joys,
Aiming, belike, at your interior hatred,
Aim'd at your highness, no inveterate malice.
Ah. mocker! that's the dog's name; R is for
Ah, wretched man! would I had died a maid
Ah, would the scandal vanish with my life,
Ah, would she break from hence, that this my body
Ah, word ill urged to one that is so ill!
Ah, who is nigh? come to me, friend or foe,
Ah, whither shall I fly to 'scape their hands?
Ah, where's my man? give me some aqua vitae:
Ah, what a shame! ah, what a fault were this!
Ah, what a shame were this! Look on the boy;
Ah, what a life were this! how sweet! how lovely!
Ah, well-a-day! he's dead, he's dead, he's dead!
Ah, tutor, look where bloody Clifford comes!
Ah, thou, the model where old Troy did stand,
Ah, that thy father had been so resolved!
Ah, that same pale hard-hearted wench, that Rosaline.
Ah, so much interest have I in thy sorrow
Ah, sirs, consider, he that set you on
Ah, sirrah, this unlook'd-for sport comes well.
Ah, sirrah, by my fay, it waxes late:
Ah, simple men, you know not what you swear!
Ah, poor my lord, what tongue shall smooth thy name,
Ah, one that was a woful looker-on
Ah, no, no, no, it is mine only son!
Ah, my young princes! ah, my tender babes!
Ah, my sour husband, my hard-hearted lord,
Ah, madam, 'tis too true: and that is worse,
Ah, let me live in prison all my days;
Ah, know you not the city favours them,
Ah, kill me with thy weapon, not with words!
Ah, hark! the fatal followers do pursue;
Ah, ha, my lord, this prince is not an Edward!
Ah, gentle Clifford, kill me with thy sword,
Ah, froward Clarence! how evil it beseems thee
Ah, cousin York! would thy best friends did know
Ah, boy, if any life be left in thee,
Ah, Warwick, why hast thou withdrawn thyself?
Ah, Warwick, Warwick! wert thou as we are.
Ah, Warwick! Montague hath breathed his last;
Ah, Tranio, what a cruel father's he!
Ah, Richard, with the eyes of heavy mind
Ah, Juliet, if the measure of thy joy
Ah, Juliet, I already know thy grief;
Ah, Gaunt, his blood was thine! that bed, that womb,
Ah, Exeter!
Ah, Clifford, murder not this innocent child,
Ah! and did they so?
Ah sir! ah sir! Well, death's the end of all.
Ah me! how sweet is love itself possess'd,
Ah ha, my mistresses! which of you all
Agreed.
Aged sir, hands off.
Age, thou hast lost thy labour.
Against whom comest thou? and what's thy quarrel?
Against what should ensue.
Against what man thou comest, and what thy quarrel:
Against us brats, with no less confidence
Against to-morrow: my heart is wondrous light,
Against thy seat: both young and old rebel,
Against thy majesty; boys, with women's voices,
Against thy entrance.
Against this cruelty fight on thy side,
Against them both my true joints bended be.
Against their will. But who comes here?
Against the word:
Against the wind a mile! You souls of geese,
Against the thing I say. Answer to this:
Against the state and profit of this land;
Against the rectorship of judgment?
Against the non-performance, 'twas a fear
Against the hospitable canon, would I
Against the envy of less happier lands,
Against the Volsces, for they had so vilely
Against the Roman state, whose course will on
Against the Greeks that would have enter'd Troy.
Against the Duke of Norfolk, Thomas Mowbray?
Against the Duke of Norfolk, Thomas Mowbray?
Against the Duke of Hereford that appeals me
Against the Duke of Clarence, but have been
Against our substitute! Let this friar be found.
Against my will to do myself this wrong.
Against my very heart. Poor souls, they perish'd.
Against my kindred, brothers, and myself,
Against my canker'd country with the spleen
Against my brother's life.
Against infection and the hand of war,
Against his brother and his lawful king?
Against him first: he's a very dog to the commonalty.
Against black pagans, Turks, and Saracens:
Against all sense you do importune her:
Against all noble sufferance.
Against a falling fabric. Will you hence,
Against a change; woe is forerun with woe.
Against a bird, do I with Mowbray fight.
Against Aumerle we will enforce his trial.
Again with Rome's mechanics: tell me not
Again uncurse their souls; their peace is made
Again shall you be mother to a king,
Again possess her corpse, and on this stage,
After, Aumerle! mount thee upon his horse;
After your way his tale pronounced shall bury
After your late tossing on the breaking seas?
After the prompter, for our entrance:
After the moon. If thou art rich, thou'rt poor;
After the inveterate hate he bears you.
After the bloody fray at Wakefield fought,
After the battle let George Stanley die.
After our sentence plaining comes too late.
After our great good cheer. Pray you, sit down;
After my death the one half of my lands,
After his studies or his usual pain?
After him, fellows; bring him to the block.
After he once fell in with Mistress Shore.
After a well-graced actor leaves the stage,
After a storm; quaff'd off the muscadel
After I have done what I promised?
Afresh within me, and these thy offices,
Afore me! it is so very very late,
Affront his eye.
Affrights thee with a hell of ugly devils!
Affliction is enamour'd of thy parts,
Affliction alters.
Affection's edge in me, were she as rough
Affection! thy intention stabs the centre:
Affection makes him false; he speaks not true:
Affection is not rated from the heart:
Advocate's the court-word for a pheasant: say you
Advertising and holy to your business,
Adversity's sweet milk, philosophy,
Advantaging their loan with interest
Advance your standards, draw your willing swords.
Advance thy halbert higher than my breast,
Advance our standards, set upon our foes
Adopts thee heir, and his high sceptre yields
Adoptedly; as school-maids change their names
Adonis painted by a running brook,
Admit no other way to save his life,--
Adjudged an olive branch and laurel crown,
Adieu, sir.
Adieu, poor soul, that takest thy leave of it!
Adieu, good neighbour.
Address yourself to entertain them sprightly,
Adding withal how blest this land would be
Adding to clouds more clouds with his deep sighs;
Added to their familiarity,
Add proof unto mine armour with thy prayers;
Add an immortal title to your crown!
Action is eloquence, and the eyes of the ignorant
Acquaint the queen of your most noble offer;
Acquaint her with the danger of my state:
Acquaint her here of my son Paris' love;
Achieve the elder, set the younger free
Accuse him home and home. For my poor self,
Accursed, unhappy, wretched, hateful day!
Accursed be he that seeks to make them foes!
Accursed and unquiet wrangling days,
Accountant to the law upon that pain.
Account me not your servant.
Accords not with the sadness of my suit:
According to the fashion and the time.
Accomplish'd with the number of thy hours;
Accept of him, or else you do me wrong:
Accept my thankfulness.
Absolute Milan. Me, poor man, my library
Above the morning lark or wilt thou hunt?
Above the moon: we must be burnt for you.
Above the clouds, as high as heaven itself?
Above the border of this horizon,
Above an hour, my lord.
Above a better gone, so must thy grave
About what?
About their functions friendly.
About the marriage of the Lady Bona.
About that which concerns your grace and us;
About some gossips for your highness.
About it; for it stands me much upon,
About his neck, Bohemia: who, if I
About his marriage, nor my own disgrace,
About a schoolmaster for the fair Bianca:
About a prophecy, which says that 'G'
Able to bear against the great Aufidius
Abides in me; I say amen to all.
Abhorred slave,
Abbot:
Abbot:
Abated captives to some nation
Abate thy valour in the acting it.
Abate the edge of traitors, gracious Lord,
Abase foul stone, made precious by the foil
AUTOLYCUS:
AUTOLYCUS:
AUTOLYCUS:
AUTOLYCUS:
AUTOLYCUS:
AUTOLYCUS:
AUTOLYCUS:
AUTOLYCUS:
AUTOLYCUS:
AUTOLYCUS:
AUTOLYCUS:
AUTOLYCUS:
AUTOLYCUS:
AUTOLYCUS:
AUTOLYCUS:
AUTOLYCUS:
AUTOLYCUS:
AUTOLYCUS:
AUTOLYCUS:
AUTOLYCUS:
AUTOLYCUS:
AUTOLYCUS:
AUTOLYCUS:
AUTOLYCUS:
AUTOLYCUS:
AUTOLYCUS:
AUTOLYCUS:
AUTOLYCUS:
AUTOLYCUS:
AUTOLYCUS:
AUTOLYCUS:
AUTOLYCUS:
AUTOLYCUS:
AUTOLYCUS:
AUTOLYCUS:
AUTOLYCUS:
AUTOLYCUS:
AUTOLYCUS:
AUTOLYCUS:
AUTOLYCUS:
AUTOLYCUS:
AUTOLYCUS:
AUTOLYCUS:
AUTOLYCUS:
AUTOLYCUS:
AUTOLYCUS:
AUTOLYCUS:
AUTOLYCUS:
AUTOLYCUS:
AUTOLYCUS:
AUTOLYCUS:
AUTOLYCUS:
AUTOLYCUS:
AUTOLYCUS:
AUTOLYCUS:
AUTOLYCUS:
AUTOLYCUS:
AUTOLYCUS:
AUTOLYCUS:
AUTOLYCUS:
AUTOLYCUS:
AUTOLYCUS:
AUTOLYCUS:
AUTOLYCUS:
AUTOLYCUS:
AUTOLYCUS:
AUTOLYCUS:
AUFIDIUS:
AUFIDIUS:
AUFIDIUS:
AUFIDIUS:
AUFIDIUS:
AUFIDIUS:
AUFIDIUS:
AUFIDIUS:
AUFIDIUS:
AUFIDIUS:
AUFIDIUS:
AUFIDIUS:
AUFIDIUS:
AUFIDIUS:
AUFIDIUS:
AUFIDIUS:
AUFIDIUS:
AUFIDIUS:
AUFIDIUS:
AUFIDIUS:
AUFIDIUS:
AUFIDIUS:
AUFIDIUS:
AUFIDIUS:
AUFIDIUS:
AUFIDIUS:
AUFIDIUS:
AUFIDIUS:
AUFIDIUS:
AUFIDIUS:
AUFIDIUS:
AUFIDIUS:
AUFIDIUS:
AUFIDIUS:
AUFIDIUS:
AUFIDIUS:
AUFIDIUS:
AUFIDIUS:
AUFIDIUS:
AUFIDIUS:
AUFIDIUS:
AUFIDIUS:
AUFIDIUS:
AUFIDIUS:
AUFIDIUS:
ARIEL:
ARIEL:
ARIEL:
ARIEL:
ARIEL:
ARIEL:
ARIEL:
ARIEL:
ARIEL:
ARIEL:
ARIEL:
ARIEL:
ARIEL:
ARIEL:
ARIEL:
ARIEL:
ARIEL:
ARIEL:
ARIEL:
ARIEL:
ARIEL:
ARCHIDAMUS:
ARCHIDAMUS:
ARCHIDAMUS:
ARCHIDAMUS:
ARCHIDAMUS:
ARCHIDAMUS:
ARCHIDAMUS:
ARCHBISHOP OF YORK:
ARCHBISHOP OF YORK:
ARCHBISHOP OF YORK:
ARCHBISHOP OF YORK:
ARCHBISHOP OF YORK:
ANTONIO:
ANTONIO:
ANTONIO:
ANTONIO:
ANTONIO:
ANTONIO:
ANTONIO:
ANTONIO:
ANTONIO:
ANTONIO:
ANTONIO:
ANTONIO:
ANTONIO:
ANTONIO:
ANTONIO:
ANTONIO:
ANTONIO:
ANTONIO:
ANTONIO:
ANTONIO:
ANTONIO:
ANTONIO:
ANTONIO:
ANTONIO:
ANTONIO:
ANTONIO:
ANTONIO:
ANTONIO:
ANTONIO:
ANTONIO:
ANTONIO:
ANTONIO:
ANTONIO:
ANTONIO:
ANTONIO:
ANTONIO:
ANTONIO:
ANTONIO:
ANTIGONUS:
ANTIGONUS:
ANTIGONUS:
ANTIGONUS:
ANTIGONUS:
ANTIGONUS:
ANTIGONUS:
ANTIGONUS:
ANTIGONUS:
ANTIGONUS:
ANTIGONUS:
ANTIGONUS:
ANTIGONUS:
ANTIGONUS:
ANTIGONUS:
ANTIGONUS:
ANTIGONUS:
ANTIGONUS:
ANTIGONUS:
ANOTHER:
ANGELO:
ANGELO:
ANGELO:
ANGELO:
ANGELO:
ANGELO:
ANGELO:
ANGELO:
ANGELO:
ANGELO:
ANGELO:
ANGELO:
ANGELO:
ANGELO:
ANGELO:
ANGELO:
ANGELO:
ANGELO:
ANGELO:
ANGELO:
ANGELO:
ANGELO:
ANGELO:
ANGELO:
ANGELO:
ANGELO:
ANGELO:
ANGELO:
ANGELO:
ANGELO:
ANGELO:
ANGELO:
ANGELO:
ANGELO:
ANGELO:
ANGELO:
ANGELO:
ANGELO:
ANGELO:
ANGELO:
ANGELO:
ANGELO:
ANGELO:
ANGELO:
ANGELO:
ANGELO:
ANGELO:
ANGELO:
ANGELO:
ANGELO:
ANGELO:
ANGELO:
ANGELO:
ANGELO:
ANGELO:
ANGELO:
ANGELO:
ANGELO:
ANGELO:
ANGELO:
ANGELO:
ANGELO:
ANGELO:
ANGELO:
ANGELO:
ANGELO:
ANGELO:
ANGELO:
ANGELO:
ANGELO:
ANGELO:
ANGELO:
ANGELO:
ANGELO:
ANGELO:
ANGELO:
ANGELO:
ANGELO:
ANGELO:
ANGELO:
ANGELO:
ANGELO:
ANGELO:
ALONSO:
ALONSO:
ALONSO:
ALONSO:
ALONSO:
ALONSO:
ALONSO:
ALONSO:
ALONSO:
ALONSO:
ALL:
ALL SERVING-MEN:
AEdiles, seize him!
AEdile:
AEdile:
AEdile:
AEdile:
AEdile:
AEdile:
AEdile:
AEdile:
AEdile:
AEdile:
ADRIAN:
ADRIAN:
ADRIAN:
ADRIAN:
ADRIAN:
ADRIAN:
ADRIAN:
ADRIAN:
ABRAHAM:
ABRAHAM:
ABRAHAM:
ABRAHAM:
ABRAHAM:
ABHORSON:
ABHORSON:
ABHORSON:
ABHORSON:
ABHORSON:
ABHORSON:
ABHORSON:
ABHORSON:
ABHORSON:
ABHORSON:
ABHORSON:
ABHORSON:
ABHORSON:
A' will make the man mad, to make a woman of him.
A' was a merry man--took up the child:
A' shall not tread on me;
A' has a little gall'd me, I confess;
A worthy officer i' the war; but insolent,
A word of this. What, ho! within! come forth!
A woman.
A woman, and thy aunt, great king; 'tis I.
A woman's general; what should we fear?
A woman moved is like a fountain troubled,
A woeful pageant have we here beheld.
A witty mother! witless else her son.
A wisp of straw were worth a thousand crowns,
A wise stout captain, and soon persuaded!
A widow, then?
A whoreson beetle-headed, flap-ear'd knave!
A whispering tale in a fair lady's ear,
A whining mammet, in her fortune's tender,
A weeder-out of his proud adversaries,
A way to make us better friends, more known.
A wave o' the sea, that you might ever do
A warrant for his execution.
A wandering vagabond; my rights and royalties
A visor for a visor! what care I
A virtuous and a Christian-like conclusion,
A villain that is hither come in spite,
A vessel under sail, so men obey'd
A vessel rides fast by, but not prepared
A very superficial, ignorant, unweighing fellow.
A very scurvy fellow.
A very mean meaning.
A vengeance on your crafty wither'd hide!
A velvet dish: fie, fie! 'tis lewd and filthy:
A twofold marriage, 'twixt my crown and me,
A twist of rotten silk, never admitting
A troubled mind drave me to walk abroad;
A trespass that doth vex my grieved soul
A trembling upon Rome, such as was never
A treacherous army levied, one midnight
A traitor to my God, my king, and me:
A traitor to his God, his king and him;
A torch for me: let wantons light of heart
A title for a maid of all titles the worst.
A time before we came unto this cell?
A thriving issue: there is no lady living
A thousand times the worse, to want thy light.
A thousand times good night!
A thousand thanks, Signior Gremio.
A thousand men have broke their fasts to-day,
A thousand hearts are great within my bosom:
A thousand flatterers sit within thy crown,
A thirsty evil; and when we drink we die.
A thing most brutish, I endow'd thy purposes
A thing like death to chide away this shame,
A thing divine, for nothing natural
A sweeter and a lovelier gentleman,
A sure destruction.
A strange one as ever I looked on: I cannot get him
A spider steep'd, and one may drink, depart,
A son of mine, which long I have not seen.
A sleeping potion; which so took effect
A single thing, as I am now, that wonders
A sin-absolver, and my friend profess'd,
A sign of dignity, a garish flag,
A sickness caught of me, and yet I well!
A sick man's appetite, who desires most that
A shower and thunder with their caps and shouts:
A shield as hard as his. A certain number,
A shepherd's daughter.
A shepherd's daughter,
A shallow plash to plunge him in the deep
A shadow like an angel, with bright hair
A servant grafted in my serious trust
A serpent that will sting thee to the heart.
A senseless villain! Good Hortensio,
A second course of fight.
A sea and land full. You have pray'd well to-day:
A school-boy's top. Away with her! to prison!
A sceptre, or an earthly sepulchre!'
A savour that may strike the dullest nostril
A salve for any sore that may betide.
A saint-like sorrow: no fault could you make,
A sail, a sail!
A sad tale's best for winter: I have one
A royal battle might be won and lost
A rotten carcass of a boat, not rigg'd,
A root of ancient envy. If Jupiter
A right good mark-man! And she's fair I love.
A right fair mark, fair coz, is soonest hit.
A rhyme I learn'd even now
A recreant and most degenerate traitor
A ram, and bleated; and the fire-robed god,
A queen in jest, only to fill the scene.
A prosperous south-wind friendly, we have cross'd,
A proper stripling and an amorous!
A private whisper, no, not with such friends
A prince of power.
A pretty tale: it may be you have heard it;
A pretty peat! it is best
A precious ring, a ring that I must use
A prayer upon her grave. I'll not seek far--
A pox o' your throat, you bawling, blasphemous,
A power I have, but of what strength and nature
A pond as deep as hell.
A plot shall show us all a merry day.
A pleasing cordial, princely Buckingham,
A plague upon you all! His royal person,--
A plague upon this howling! they are louder than
A plague o' both your houses! I am sped.
A place whereto you'll go?
A place of potency and sway o' the state,
A place below the first: for what miscarries
A piteous corse, a bloody piteous corse;
A piece of ice: if thou doubt it, thou mayst slide
A persecutor, I am sure, thou art:
A peevish self-will'd harlotry it is.
A party in this alteration, finding
A partial slander sought I to avoid,
A parlous knock; and it cried bitterly:
A parlous boy: go to, you are too shrewd.
A parasite, a keeper back of death,
A pair of tribunes that have rack'd for Rome,
A pair of stocks, you rogue!
A pair of bleeding-hearts; thereon engrave
A pack of blessings lights up upon thy back;
A novice of this place and the fair sister
A noble wish.
A noble servant to them; but he could not
A noble life before a long, and wish
A noble fellow, I warrant him.
A noble cunning: you were used to load me
A noble Neapolitan, Gonzalo,
A nest of traitors!
A natural guiltiness such as is his,
A napkin steeped in the harmless blood
A name unmusical to the Volscians' ears,
A murrain on't! I took this for silver.
A murderous villain, and so still thou art.
A mother only mock'd with two sweet babes;
A mother less? or granted less, Aufidius?
A most unworthy and unnatural lord
A most royal one; the centurions and their charges,
A most intelligencing bawd!
A most inherent baseness.
A most delicious banquet by his bed,
A most courteous exposition.
A most auspicious star, whose influence
A moiety of the throne a great king's daughter,
A miserable by the death of him
A mile before his tent fall down, and knee
A mighty man of Pisa; by report
A messenger from the Lord Stanley.
A merry heart goes all the day,
A merriment than a vice.
A merrier day did never yet greet Rome,
A merchant of incomparable wealth.
A merchant of great traffic through the world,
A meacock wretch can make the curstest shrew.
A match, sir. There's in all two worthy voices
A match! 'tis done.
A match!
A marvellous poor one.
A mark so bloody on the business, but
A marble monument!
A mankind witch! Hence with her, out o' door:
A man, young lady! lady, such a man
A man, the worst about you.
A man, as you are.
A man well known throughout all Italy.
A man that loves not me, nor none of you.
A man that apprehends death no more dreadfully but
A man of their infirmity.
A man of stricture and firm abstinence,
A man of Claudio's years; his beard and head
A man at least, for less I should not be;
A man already made, as to remit
A madman's mercy bade thee run away.
A mad-cup ruffian and a swearing Jack,
A lunatic lean-witted fool,
A lullaby too rough: I never saw
A loyal, just and upright gentleman:
A lover may bestride the gossamer
A little of that worthy work perform'd
A little more lenity to lechery would do no harm in
A little little grave, an obscure grave;
A little joy enjoys the queen thereof;
A little gale will soon disperse that cloud
A little fire is quickly trodden out;
A lip of much contempt, speeds from me and
A lightning before death: O, how may I
A lie; you are rough and hairy. Let me have no
A lie that it must bear? Well, I will do't:
A liberal rewarder of his friends:
A letter for me! it gives me an estate of seven
A league below the city; and from thence,
A laughter.
A lady like me, with a love even such,
A lack, when once our grace we have forgot,
A lack, how may I do it, having the hour limited,
A knot you are of damned blood-suckers!
A kneaded clod; and the delighted spirit
A knack, a toy, a trick, a baby's cap:
A king, woe's slave, shall kingly woe obey.
A king, perhaps, perhaps,--
A king of beasts, indeed; if aught but beasts,
A kinder value of the people than
A just and open trial. While she lives
A join'd-stool.
A jewel in a ten-times-barr'd-up chest
A jealous hood, a jealous hood!
A husband! a devil.
A husband and a son thou owest to me;
A hundred, if they'll do you any good.
A hundred thousand welcomes. I could weep
A hundred then.
A hundred marks, my Kate does put her down.
A human shape.
A horse! a horse! my kingdom for a horse!
A horse! a horse! my kingdom for a horse!
A horse whereon the governor doth ride,
A horse and a man
A holy day shall this be kept hereafter:
A herald, Kate? O, put me in thy books!
A hell-hound that doth hunt us all to death:
A heavy sentence, my most sovereign liege,
A heart so tender o'er it, take it hence
A heart of wreak in thee, that wilt revenge
A happy gentleman in blood and lineaments,
A happy and a joyful time of day!
A handkerchief; which, say to her, did drain
A hall, a hall! give room! and foot it, girls.
A grumbling groom, and that the girl shall find.
A gross hag
A grievous burthen was thy birth to me;
A greater power than we can contradict
A greater gift! O, that's the sword to it.
A greater gift than that I'll give my cousin.
A great suspicion: stay the friar too.
A grave? O no! a lantern, slaughter'd youth,
A grandam's name is little less in love
A graceful gentleman; against whose person,
A goodly person: he hath lost his fellows
A goodly house: the feast smells well; but I
A goodly city is this Antium. City,
A good swift simile, but something currish.
A good direction, warlike sovereign.
A good demand.
A good construction. I raised him, and I pawn'd
A god on earth thou art.
A glorious angel: then, if angels fight,
A glooming peace this morning with it brings;
A ghostly father, belike. Who knows that Lodowick?
A gentler scion to the wildest stock,
A gentler judgment vanish'd from his lips,
A gentleman.
A gentleman, nurse, that loves to hear himself talk,
A gentleman of noble parentage,
A gentleman of mine I have dispatch'd
A gentle cousin, were it light enough.
A generation of still-breeding thoughts,
A freckled whelp hag-born--not honour'd with
A fortnight and odd days.
A forted residence 'gainst the tooth of time
A footman, sweet sir, a footman.
A foe to the public weal: obey, I charge thee,
A flourish, trumpets! strike alarum, drums!
A fine musician to instruct our mistress;
A fellow, sir, that I have known to go about with
A fellow of the royal bed, which owe
A federary with her, and one that knows
A fearful army, led by Caius Marcius
A fault on us, your tribunes; that we laboured,
A falsehood in its contrary as great
A fair one are you--well you fit our ages
A due sincerity govern'd his deeds,
A dream of what thou wert, a breath, a bubble,
A dram of poison, such soon-speeding gear
A dozen years; within which space she died
A dozen of them here have ta'en the sacrament,
A dollar.
A dog of the house of Montague moves me.
A dog of that house shall move me to stand: I will
A dish that I do love to feed upon.
A dire induction am I witness to,
A deed of slander with thy fatal hand
A dearer merit, not so deep a maim
A deadly groan, like life and death's departing.
A daughter, and a goodly babe,
A dateless bargain to engrossing death!
A damned saint, an honourable villain!
A custard-coffin, a bauble, a silken pie:
A curse begin at very root on's heart,
A crutch, a crutch! why call you for a sword?
A crown it is that seldom kings enjoy.
A crown for York! and, lords, bow low to him:
A creature unprepared, unmeet for death;
A crack, madam.
A course of learning and ingenious studies.
A confidence sans bound. He being thus lorded,
A combless cock, so Kate will be my hen.
A cold world, Curtis, in every office but thine; and
A cold premeditation for my purpose!
A cold and drowsy humour, for no pulse
A cockatrice hast thou hatch'd to the world,
A city full; of tribunes, such as you,
A choking gall and a preserving sweet.
A child shall get a sire, if I fail not of my cunning.
A cherry lip, a bonny eye, a passing pleasing tongue;
A challenge, on my life.
A cause more promising
A cause for thy repeal, we shall not send
A care-crazed mother of a many children,
A carbuncle entire, as big as thou art,
A callat
A caitiff recreant to my cousin Hereford!
A business for yourself, pray heaven you then
A bump as big as a young cockerel's stone;
A brittle glory shineth in this face:
A bridegroom say you? 'tis a groom indeed,
A bribe to pay my sword: I do refuse it;
A brand to the end o' the world.
A brace of draymen bid God speed him well
A boy?
A boon, my sovereign, for my service done!
A book of prayers on their pillow lay;
A bloody tyrant and a homicide;
A bloody deed, and desperately dispatch'd!
A blessed labour, my most sovereign liege:
A blasting and a scandalous breath to fall
A black day will it be to somebody. Ratcliff!
A bird that will revenge upon you all:
A better witness back than words, which we,
A better guiding spirit! What needs these hands?
A begging prince what beggar pities not?
A beggarly account of empty boxes,
A beggar, brother?
A beggar begs that never begg'd before.
A bed-swerver, even as bad as those
A beauty-waning and distressed widow,
A bawd, sir? fie upon him! he will discredit our mystery.
A bawd, a bawd, a bawd! so ho!
A bawd of eleven years' continuance, may it please
A banish'd traitor: all my treasury
A bachelor, a handsome stripling too:
A Player:
A Player:
A Player:
A Patrician:
A Patrician:
A Patrician:
A French crown more.
A Bohemian born, but here nursed un and bred; one
3 KING HENRY VI
3 KING HENRY VI
3 KING HENRY VI
3 KING HENRY VI
3 KING HENRY VI
3 KING HENRY VI
3 KING HENRY VI
3 KING HENRY VI
3 KING HENRY VI
3 KING HENRY VI
3 KING HENRY VI
3 KING HENRY VI
3 KING HENRY VI
3 KING HENRY VI
3 KING HENRY VI
3 KING HENRY VI
3 KING HENRY VI
3 KING HENRY VI
3 KING HENRY VI
3 KING HENRY VI
3 KING HENRY VI
3 KING HENRY VI
3 KING HENRY VI
3 KING HENRY VI
3 KING HENRY VI
3 KING HENRY VI
3 KING HENRY VI
--what will you adventure
--thou must think there's a necessity in't,--and
'tis known I am a pretty piece of flesh.
'tis a sickness denying thee any thing; a death to
'nointed over with honey, set on the head of a
'lordship:' I ne'er drank sack in my life; and if
'lady, lady, lady.'
'em good shipping! But who is here? mine old
'cum privilegio ad imprimendum solum:' to the
'Zounds, it is even now at my elbow, persuading me
'Zounds, he dies: I had forgot the reward.
'Zounds! who is there?
'Your love says, like an honest gentleman,
'Yea,' quoth my husband,'fall'st upon thy face?
'Yea,' quoth he, 'dost thou fall upon thy face?
'Wind-changing Warwick now can change no more.'
'Widow Dido' said you? you make me study of that:
'Whoop, do me no harm, good man.'
'When he,' quoth she, 'shall split thy heart with sorrow,
'When griping grief the heart doth wound,
'What my great-grandfather and his grandsire got
'Warwick, revenge! brother, revenge my death!'
'Tybalt is dead, and Romeo--banished;'
'Twould be my tyranny to strike and gall them
'Twixt you there's difference; but the fall of either
'Twixt you and your poor brother.
'Twixt my extremes and me this bloody knife
'Twixt me and one Baptista's daughter here:
'Twixt his unkindness and his kindness; the one
'Twill make me think the world is full of rubs,
'Twill grieve your grace my sons should call you father.
'Twill bring you gain, or perish on the seas.
'Twill be deliver'd back on good condition.
'Twere well for Kate and better for myself.
'Twere well
'Twere pity they should lose their father's lands.
'Twere needful I denied it. My affairs
'Twere good, methinks, to steal our marriage;
'Twere good he were school'd.
'Twere deadly sickness or else present death.
'Twere childish weakness to lament or fear.
'Twere a perpetual spoil: and till we call'd
'Twas you we laughed at.
'Twas you that kill'd young Rutland, was it not?
'Twas where you woo'd the gentlewoman so well:
'Twas very faintly he said 'Rise;' dismiss'd me
'Twas told me you were rough and coy and sullen,
'Twas sin before, but now 'tis charity.
'Twas odds, belike, when valiant Warwick fled:
'Twas not your valour, Clifford, drove me thence.
'Twas never merry world since, of two usuries, the
'Twas my inheritance, as the earldom was.
'Twas full two years ere I could get a tooth.
'Twas from the canon.
'Twas by rebellion against his king.
'Twas a sweet marriage, and we prosper well in our return.
'Twas a commodity lay fretting by you:
'Twas I won the wager, though you hit the white;
'Twas I that gave the kingdom to thy brother.
'True is it, my incorporate friends,' quoth he,
'Tribunes!' 'Patricians!' 'Citizens!' 'What, ho!'
'Tis, marvel, but that you are but newly come,
'Tis wondrous strange, the like yet never heard of.
'Tis with cares.
'Tis well; and hold your own, in any case,
'Tis well; and I have met a gentleman
'Tis well, sir, that you hunted for yourself:
'Tis well thou art not fish; if thou hadst, thou
'Tis well that thou hast cause
'Tis well borne up.
'Tis warm at 's heart.
'Tis virtue that doth make them most admired;
'Tis very true: you were in presence then;
'Tis very true: thou didst it excellent.
'Tis very true, my grief lies all within;
'Tis very late, she'll not come down to-night:
'Tis very grievous to be thought upon.
'Tis true:
'Tis torture, and not mercy: heaven is here,
'Tis to be doubted he would waken him.
'Tis time; descend; be stone no more; approach;
'Tis time to speak; my pains are quite forgot.
'Tis time
'Tis thought your deer does hold you at a bay.
'Tis thought the king is dead; we will not stay.
'Tis thought that Richmond is their admiral;
'Tis this slave;--
'Tis the way
'Tis the more honour, because more dangerous.
'Tis the Lord Hastings, the king's chiefest friend.
'Tis that he sent me of the duke's return:
'Tis ten to one it maim'd you two outright.
'Tis sworn between us we shall ever strike
'Tis south the city mills--bring me word thither
'Tis some odd humour pricks him to this fashion;
'Tis so: and as war, in some sort, may be said to
'Tis so with me. Let us withdraw together,
'Tis since the nuptials of Lucentio,
'Tis since the earthquake now eleven years;
'Tis sin to flatter; 'good' was little better:
'Tis set down so in heaven, but not in earth.
'Tis said, my liege, in Yorkshire are in arms.
'Tis rigor and not law. Your honours all,
'Tis right.
'Tis pity she's not honest, honourable:'
'Tis pity of him.
'Tis past enduring.
'Tis passing good: I prithee let me have it.
'Tis one thing to be tempted, Escalus,
'Tis now near night.
'Tis now dead midnight, and by eight to-morrow
'Tis nothing less: conceit is still derived
'Tis nothing but some bond, that he is enter'd into
'Tis nothing but conceit, my gracious lady.
'Tis not to save labour, nor that I want love.
'Tis not the trial of a woman's war,
'Tis not the king that sends you to the Tower:
'Tis not the devil's crest.
'Tis not possible.
'Tis not his new-made bride shall succor him:
'Tis not a visitation framed, but forced
'Tis not a mile; briefly we heard their drums:
'Tis none of mine.
'Tis no less, I tell you, for the bawdy hand of the
'Tis my deserving, and I do entreat it.
'Tis much. Servants, leave me and her alone.
'Tis most like he will.
'Tis more, 'tis more, his son is elder, sir;
'Tis more than you deserve;
'Tis more than we deserve, or I expect.
'Tis meet so, daughter: but lest you do repent,
'Tis love I bear thy glories makes me speak.
'Tis like you'll prove a jolly surly groom,
'Tis like that Richmond with the rest shall down.
'Tis like enough, for I stay dinner there.
'Tis in reversion that I do possess;
'Tis in my head to do my master good:
'Tis hoped his sickness is discharged.
'Tis he,'tis he: O, he is grown most kind of late.
'Tis he, that villain Romeo.
'Tis he, my lord. Come hither, goodman baldpate:
'Tis he that sent us hither now to slaughter thee.
'Tis hatch'd and shall be so: Tranio, at once
'Tis grace indeed.
'Tis government that makes them seem divine;
'Tis good; though music oft hath such a charm
'Tis full three months since I did see him last;
'Tis full of thy foul wrongs.
'Tis for the followers fortune widens them,
'Tis fond to wail inevitable strokes,
'Tis figured in my tongue.
'Tis far off
'Tis false.
'Tis even so; yet you are Warwick still.
'Tis doubt he will be: letters came last night
'Tis done.
'Tis done, my gracious lord.
'Tis done by me, and ends in 'Margaret.'
'Tis deeds must win the prize; and he of both
'Tis death to me to be at enmity;
'Tis death for any one in Mantua
'Tis but thy name that is my enemy;
'Tis but the pale reflex of Cynthia's brow;
'Tis but his policy to counterfeit,
'Tis burnt; and so is all the meat.
'Tis breath thou lack'st, and that breath wilt thou lose.
'Tis better using France than trusting France:
'Tis better said than done, my gracious lord:
'Tis best thou diest quickly.
'Tis beauty that doth oft make women proud;
'Tis bargain'd 'twixt us twain, being alone,
'Tis almost morning; I would have thee gone:
'Tis all one, I will show myself a tyrant: when I
'Tis a wonder, by your leave, she will be tamed so.
'Tis a villain, sir,
'Tis a vile thing to die, my gracious lord,
'Tis a very excellent piece of work, madam lady:
'Tis a spell, you see, of much power: you know the
'Tis a lucky day, boy, and we'll do good deeds on't.
'Tis a good hearing when children are toward.
'Tis a derivative from me to mine,
'Tis I that made thy widows: many an heir
'Tis Aufidius,
'Thus, thus,' quoth Forrest, 'girdling one another
'Thus saith the duke, thus hath the duke inferr'd;'
'Though all at once cannot
'Thou shalt not steal'?
'Thou liest' unto thee with a voice as free
'This we received;' and each in either side
'This is put forth too truly:' besides, I have stay'd
'This general applause and loving shout
'They have press'd a power, but it is not known
'Then music with her silver sound
'That I receive the general food at first,
'Thanks, gentle citizens and friends,' quoth I;
'Tell him,' quoth she, 'my mourning weeds are done,
'Tell him, in hope he'll prove a widower shortly,
'Tell him from me that he hath done me wrong,
'Tear him to pieces.' 'Do it presently.' 'He kill'd
'Small herbs have grace, great weeds do grow apace:'
'Signior Martino and his wife and daughters;
'Sigeia tellus,' disguised thus to get your love;
'Sicinius!' 'Brutus!' 'Coriolanus!' 'Citizens!'
'Sicilia is a so-forth:' 'tis far gone,
'Shall'!
'Scape being drunk for want of wine.
'Save your honour!
'Romeo is banished,' to speak that word,
'Remember now my brother.'
'Redime te captum quam queas minimo.'
'Proud,' and 'I thank you,' and 'I thank you not;'
'Peace, peace, peace!' 'Stay, hold, peace!'
'Pardon' should be the first word of thy speech.
'O, farewell, Warwick!'
'O, Jesus bless us, he is born with teeth!'
'Now take them up,' quoth he, 'if any list.'
'Madam,' and nothing else: so lords
'Lo, thus' quoth Dighton, 'lay those tender babes:'
'Jesu preserve thee! welcome, Bolingbroke!'
'It is as hard to come as for a camel
'I would he had'! 'Twas you incensed the rabble:
'I would be consul,' says he: 'aged custom,
'I am yours for ever.'
'I Pray, sir'--Plague upon't! I cannot bring
'Hold, friends! friends, part!' and, swifter than
'Hic steterat,' and that Lucentio that comes
'Hic ibat,' as I told you before, 'Simois,' I am
'Hic ibat Simois; hic est Sigeia tellus;
'He that is giddy thinks the world turns round:'
'Have I no friend?' quoth he: he spake it twice,
'Have I no friend will rid me of this living fear?'
'Good Gloucester' and 'good devil' were alike,
'Go tell false Edward, thy supposed king,
'Gainst us, our state, our subjects, or our land.
'Gainst us, our lives, our children, and our heirs.
'Gainst thee, fell Clifford, and thee, false
'Gainst foreign storms than any home-bred marriage.
'Frets, call you these?' quoth she; 'I'll fume
'Fore your queen died, she was more worth such gazes
'Fore your own eyes and ears?
'Fore me, this fellow speaks! What then? what then?
'Farewell:'
'Faith, some certain dregs of conscience are yet
'Faith, my lord. I spoke it but according to the
'Fair cousin'? I am greater than a king:
'Cucullus non facit monachum:' honest in nothing
'Con tutto il cuore, ben trovato,' may I say.
'Come on, you cowards! you were got in fear,
'Clarence is come; false, fleeting, perjured Clarence,
'Bove the contentious waves he kept, and oar'd
'Be serviceable to my son,' quoth he,
'Ay, by gogs-wouns,' quoth he; and swore so loud,
'An if a man did need a poison now,
'An Angelo for Claudio, death for death!'
'Alla nostra casa ben venuto, molto honorato signor























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































